Your the best....you made me feel so much better about myself__																																				___																																				2 years after you posted this video	 someone (me) can still relate and find hope in it. You are such a beautiful person and I am so happy that you are still on Youtube. Your story is inspiring even after 2 years. Keep up the good work. <3																																			Gabbie I know you probably won't see this but please talk more about this I need to know if I need help																																				It's ok	 baby. We love you	 you bella regazza (beautiful girl) ______																																		this helped me out a lot. I'm currently battling Anorexia and this is giving me motivation to not let it control my life.																																				"I don't..have an eating disorder. But..I have depression. Listen to my story if you wish, but since I'll never meet you it'll feel good to uhm. Get this out. It started fourth grade. I..cried everyday sometimes for no reason and sometimes because of the bullies. My depression..lead to my..low self asteem which I still have..and I uhm..it lead to self harm. I cut..and cut..with scissor ends. I didnt see a girl I loved and I still don't. I uhm started losing interest in everything..I got axienty worrying about what people thought about me. And I have nightmares..flashbacks..about my bullies being physicaly beat. Scared to be someone..not..the same as everybody. I needed to be the best, so I studied, ate less, turned down all my friends and ignored their compliments. Listened to bullies more and I never thought once in my head that they were wrong, I was always like ""Wow im such a pig"" or, ""Ew. I'm hideous."" I've uhm..well always believed that I didnt belong. Then fifth grade hit. I lost more interest than ever. Instead of study I focused more on cutting, which caused my grades to drop. I read hundreds of websites how on to lose weight. How to look better. And when people called me ugly I always thought, ""Wow maybe I should wear makeup or something."" Thats when, I uh, went to a hostipal for..well mental illness, and started taking counciling to get better. I'm still taking it, but it hasn't taken me that far. I'm only in sixth grade, being more social now, but my scars. Those are the things that will never leave."																																				GABBIE I WANT YOUR BODY don't think your FAT																																				Gabbie I was in a really dark place with my weight and after this video you've showed me I can be myself your such an inspiration and I look up to you so much sincerely thank you for everything you've done for me Xxxx																																				Not to be that bitch but I have an ED and parts of this doesn't really sound believable...if you're eating 500-800 calories a day	 you're going to loose weight. Also unless you have no idea what eating disorders are	 how did you just not know that you had one? You were counting calories and chewing and spitting	 unless you've never heard of an eating disorder in your life or you're just extremely not self aware...there's no way you would've not known																																	Gabby, please dont make fat jokes about yourselfe or anything in the relm of that because, i can see that it hurts you. Dont read fat comments because it breaks you. I can see the pain hiding behind this video. I can see that some of the things you said in this video you dont believe because you still think of yourself as that reflection in the mirror, that number on the scale or what other people see, dont take that in Gabby you are the most beautiful girl in my eyes and in 6 billion more you just need to believe that. I am going to comment the same thing on Shanes channel because i can see his pain too. Dont look down at your food or the scale princess, the crown will fall and if the crown does fall, then believe in yourself to pick it back up and learn to never drop it again. Stay beutiful Gabby__																																				You're my favourite human ilysm																																				Preach girl __																																				I love you.																																				there's no such thing as eating 500-800 calories and not losing weight medically, scientifically, humanly impossible i have an eating disorder and have had it for 8 years and trust me that's not possible																																				I've been having problems and I have been scarred cause I am 12 almost 13 I was dumped at 11 cause he said I was starting to fat and that we couldn't be together anymore so I stoped I eat at all and one day I passed out i still have problems till this day what do I do pls help me someone this video helped a little but not as much help as I need ______																																				Gabbie I just wanted to say that even if you are fat	 skinny	 tall	 short	 ugly	 prettyÉ You are perfect no matter what and you will always be my favorite person to be inspired by because you give me so much confidence in myself that I can be a better P.S I love you so much and wish the best for you________																															Gabbie's mind: Gab you gotta eat food! Me: No shit sherlock No hate I love Gabbie but I just had to make this joke!!!!																																				binge eating disorderÑ people think it's okay to comment on my way they tell me i'm too skinny that i don't look right like i'm not okay	 which brought me to this disorder. im 117 pounds for 13. i know it's normal but my body doesn't know																																			I think your beautiful gabbie :)) no matter what u do. Don't be so mean to yourself (easier said then done) I had a binge eating disorder I never ate in school and I was sick everyday once I did eat... I'm glad I don't have to deal with that anymore :)																																				I spent days eating 100 kcal																																				that's what i would do after eating a big mac..miss out 3 days of breakfast																																				i suffer from a eating disorder and i want to eat but at the same time i don't want to eat. i don't know it's just hard. no one cares so i honestly don't know why i am even typing this.																																				"Your therapist is so much better than mine, the first one I went to told me I looked ""too healthy"" to have a eating disorder, the entire reason I went was to try to get over"																																				wait. did she eat the goldfish...?																																				AH ITS NOW SEPTEMBER 2017 AND YOURE COMFORTABLE WITH YOUR BODY AND SO HAPPY ITS SO GREAT IM SORRY BUT I LOVE THIS AND YOU SO MUCH IM SO PROUD UM ALRIGHT BYE																																				Hey gabbie i dont know if your reading this but ive been subscribed to u for a while now and found tbis video on your channel i just want u to know that you are so beautiful and you have helped me so much in lifd because i for a long time have sturggled with my weight im not fat but people always call me that so now its in my head that i am its hard not waking up and thinking u cant eat today and u need to lose weight but instead of thinking that i watch your videos and it helps me so so much thank u i love u																																				Can you do a video about your eating disorder in depth explaining it more?																																				She had no idea how many people wish they had her body.																																				Gabbie	 I can't thank you enough. I have eating disorders too	 I always think I'm fat and I just don't want to live. But this video helped me. I'm 13 and weigh 90 pounds. I'm still under weight and I'm still uncomfortable in my body but I was able to gain more weight. Last year I weighed 60 pounds. The average was 100. There was a point where I wouldn't eat for 3 days at a time so thank you and I love you. Keep doing you																																		I Love you Gabbie																																				"""Your 'before' photo, might be someone else's 'goals' photo"" Yeah, not if you're in rock bottom"																																				I couldn't stop the tears from coming as I watched your video. So many of the things you've said I can relate to.																																				inspired																																				"I've never really had an eating disorder like that even though I call myself fat all the time. I've never wanted to try and lose weight because if I did I would die... I have Cystic Fibrosis and I've had it for my whole life. There's a lot of things that go on in my body, but it's all rooted to having more thick and sticky mucus that clog my lungs, digestive system, and sinuses. CF patients have sinus infections all the time. I had one last week and it sucked. I'm on medication for it and it's getting a lot better. My brother has CF too and we need to do hours of therapy, take tons of medication just to stay healthy, and there's still a lot we can't do. We can't run a mile without needing to stop get air. I can barely run at all without taking a break. That's just because I never run... Which I probably should do, but anyway. One downside/upside to having CF is trouble gaining weight. The downside is that our weight can drop so quickly by just being sick for a couple days and it's difficult to get back up. The upside is that we can eat a ton and still not be super fat. I'm 14 and 95 pounds. I need to eat a ton to get my weight healthy, and I used to be on medication for it and when I was younger I had to have a feeding tube in. It was the worst thing I have ever experienced. Now I don't need to be on meds or have a feeding tube in, but it's still a struggle just to keep my weight healthy and regular. I should probably not eat as much processed foods and junk food, but anything to keep my weight up is something I eat. But even though I don't see myself as skinny and have self image issues, everyone else seems to think I'm super skinny. I just don't see it. I look down and, sure I'm skinny, but to me it looks like I look a little fatter than I am. I want to try to fix that, but I just need to exercise and eat healthy, but I know if I go on a diet or stop eating I'll be hospitalized or just risk my life just to be ""skinny"", which just doesn't make sense to me. A lot of people with CF and just others in general have it a lot worse than me, so I don't completely hate my body because that's rude to how God made me and rude to people who actually are struggling a lot with eating disorders. So I'm pretty comfortable in my own skin, just sometimes it makes me self conscious when I look in the mirror and see someone who has a bunch of flaws. But most of the time I just love being me and getting to eat whatever I want."																																				Could you remake this video? I feel like it wasn't explained as good as you could've																																				I was on the verge of getting eating disorder...thank god...I am saved																																				I don't understand why people call you fat! You are very skinny	 beautiful	 and funny and anyone reading this comment know that I think you are a beautiful person!																																		Idk how I missed this video	 but you are so inspiring. Seeing you gain your confidence and take your happiness and health into your own hands has inspired me	 and for the first time I've actually been able to commit to getting my life on track																																		god damn! 6:55 you should do slang poems _																																				Wow after watching this I'm pretty sure i have an eating disorder__ also i want to say love you gab and thank you for sharing this with us__																																				Please go into more depth it really helps																																				I hate when people say Kylie Jenner is goals or people want to a certain people they admired be your self love your self and if you want change for self then change it but positively stay beautiful and true																																				You're beautiful Gabbie																																				Thank you for this.. I needed this so much																																				You're such a beautiful person (inside and definitely out)																																				I also track my calories. I eat 600-800 calories every day	 when I eat more I throw up. I know that this I not good for my body but I hate myself. Although I lost 11 Ibs I don't feel better. Everytime I look in the mirror I try not to cry because I feel so fucking ugly and worthless.																																			I really hate people who likes to fat-shaming others! They might thought is just for fun but that's just makes others feels insecure (can be depressed sometimes) and sometimes it hurts a lot.																																				__																																				Wow	 I'm happy that Gabbie got help. I'm struggling with depression	 anxiety and an eating disorder																																		It's 04:20 am and I had like 80 cal today	 so I'm pretty sure something isn't right after watching this. gonna have a talk to my fiancee (we're long distance) and see what she says.																																			Urm... just realized that I only eat like 400 calories sometimes less a day. Thankyou for making this video because I didn't realize that 400 wasn't a lot and when you said that you were only eating like 800 I was like wait... that's small? then I was like gulp & ''oh snap'' So this opened my eyes and I didn't realize that it was bad. I'm so happy you spoke out about it that was really strong and brave	 you're awesome and I wanted to let you know that you really change lives with your story times	 not just this one. I know I don't usually comment and I'm a silent viewer but all of your videos are awesome and a lot are inspiring.																																		"Thank you for being able to talk about this publicly. I'm 13 and trying to get an hour glass figure the ""easy way"" and it took me way to long to realized that I already have an amazing body I'm healthy and that should be all that matters. Mabry one day I'll be able to be as strong as you. I love you and thank you. -___"																																				I-/																																				You are an amazing person!!! I understand the struggles you have gone through and I am struggling to get through my own. Just remember that there are people out there that love you for just being you. xx																																				"I remember when I was younger I tried to convince myself I was fat and I should eat less. It never worked. I think it was because my mum would drill into my head, ""You're beautiful just the way you are. You're body is beautiful, sweetheart."" She said as long as I was healthy, I would be ok. That's why I never had an eating disorder because of my mum. Thanks mum, you're the coolest. And you even play the drums <3"																																				where my demons hide where my demons hide sorry i had to make that joke																																				Last year I had a round with something along the lines of anorexia. I didn't eat 2 meals and only ate a little at dinner. I wore a corset for a play and the smallest one was too loose. You could see almost all of my ribs and I'd cry when I looked in the mirror. Now I'm eating 3 times a day and am working out and trying to be healthier. I feel happier and still stress sometimes but it's getting better every day. I wish I'd seen this sooner. I've just recently started watching your videos and you know when to be serious and when to make light of stuff. Thank you so much. We need more people like you																																				I have a problem with eating too much. I'm chubby	 but not obese. I just have too much fat on me	 and I don't know how to fix it. It's hard to diet and work out.																																		When I was 13 the boy liked said he didn't like fat girls and he would only date skinny girls. Im a U.K. size 8-10 and I have been since I hit puberty, but I felt like I was chubby. To make him like me I became anorexic so I would be skinny enough. I used to pretend to eat at home, didn't eat breakfast, gave my packed lunch to someone else at lunch time. Even when I stopped liking him, because id gotten myself into this horrific routine of looking at myself and thinking I was fat and then not eating. When I did eat I would make myself sick because I didn't want to be fat. This went on until I was 15 and a half, and I started eating again. Im now nearly 17 and I still don't eat much because I can't bring myself to because I still see myself as fat, regardless of having so much reassurance from people that I'm not. I really related to this, Gabbie. Thank you for sharing your story with us. I love you! Side note: i thought when she said goldfish she meant actual goldfish and i was really confused about why her friend didn't freak out.																																				Am i the only one that can eat a PB&J sandwich at like 9:00am and dont feel hungry the rest of the day??																																				I am feeling so confident about myself after watching this video	 HOLY CRAP______																																			Dos anyone know how much gabbie weighs?																																				Thank you so much you helped me a lot																																				The number of dislikes.. Sorry __																																				666 people disliked. Btw I really hope you're doing better	 Gabbie. You're strong!																																			I'm 13 and I have binge eating disorder and I'm showing signs of anorexia because I've tried not to eat because I felt like people were judging me on what I eat and I thought people were watching me chew my food but I'm starting to get better I love you gabby and this is helpful because you helped me know that I'm not the only one struggling with this __																																				Every time I wanna purge	 I watch this video and it helps so much! Thank you I love you!!																																			Please please get in depth. As someone who has had and eating disorder since I was 12 this video helped																																				"I go back and forth between binging and starving. Because of this, my body has gone through so much. I have stretch marks beyond_ belief from losing and gaining weight in short periods of time. And, I honestly feel absolutely disgusting 24/7. I have no energy. I've had so many people look at me and say, ""You can't have an eating disorder. You're not skinny."" But, no one knows because I binge in private. I can pass off the starving as ""dieting."" But, there's no happy medium for me. At all."																																				Thank you so much for posting this. <3																																				Gabs you are so hot please all ways love you cuz you are beautiful. Remember be YOU tiful!																																				either people are lying or 80% gabbies views in this have an ED :/																																				Thank u that really helps me																																				When you have an ed (eating disorder) you believe your in control but when you realise you truly are sick you think 'WOW I really am sick' but the truth is you were sick the whole time but your mind lies to you and hides it from you																																				I have a eating disorder and I was doing the same thing as gabbie	 Thanks I bet you have Atleast you have helped people	 Because I thing you have	 Love you gabbie <3																																	Gabbie love that you got this off your chest and told this to us in this incredible speech and I really think you helped a lot of people. I respect you so much for this video.																																				This was awesome	 I have struggled with a lot and I am only 13	 things can be horribly rough for anyone																																		I had this strange mix of bulimia and anorexia where I would starve	 then binge	 then purge like a cycle. It's a lot more common do you think																																		This was very inspirational to me. I'm a year late watching this but still it hits home. I can't say I know exactly how you feel or felt but I've definitely been through similar things and just hearing you talk about your struggle is very inspirational. Thanks Gabby																																				"This may be of you as a more nervous being but you are so true to yourself and you've grown so much from this moment on to be as happy as you can be for yourself and hopefully spread the happiness for everyone else. This helped me in some sense I'm not entirely sure of. I don't even care if some of what you said in the end is something you read somewhere about being ""the best you can be;"" however, it really hits home and I deeply appreciate your honesty. I've been going through a lot of obsession over the possibility of death and not eating healthy and my weight but you gave me more hope Thank you. <3 one of your many close followers (that's probably not the best comment to have been made on a video but I'm simply being as honest as you were here)"																																				Love u gabby!!!																																				when she was saying my calorie intake is so low it was like 5-800 i was like??? i get 300 on a good day																																				it took me the longest time to realise when you said you ate the goldfish it wasnt a legit goldfish																																				If I only eat breakfast will I lose weight																																				That's sad. Gabbie you are perfect the way you are. I'm not trying to say an eating disorder is good bc it's not.But you are amazing your not fat your nose is perfect your hair is beautiful______																																				I have struggled with my weight for the past two years. I went on a diet due to me being celiac at age 11 and lost around twenty pounds right away. I went from 140 pounds to 120. Everyone would tell me how amazing I looked and how much weight I lost	 but that soon stopped. I've gained nearly forty pounds since grade six	 but i was the healthiest I had ever been. When my mother started telling me to count my calories and watch what I'm eating	 all the pride I had for my health went down the drain. I would cry myself to sleep after being yelled at by my mom for eating ice cream that wasn't mine. The energy around me was stressful. I had shingles for a week then the stomach flu two weeks after	 I had a big gala which I was performing three times in. It all sort of gathered underneath my skin and I didn't let loose. I went to my naturopath and she told me that the reason I eat a lot is because I'm not balancing my diet between protein	 carbs and fat. She said that if I don't start doing that	 I could get diabetes in the future. So this gathered on my shoulders and weighed me down so damn much	 but I didn't tell anyone. I holed it up inside of myself until one day	 I shattered basically. I was hanging out with two of my best friends	 and we had all being arguing recently due to different reasons	 but we were on good terms then. I sort of fell into a bad move and they didn't like that I wouldn't tell them what was wrong. I had never had a friendship where I can tell people things. So we sat down and I fell apart	 explaining everything. My grandfather had just passed away and so i was stressed because my dad was struggling. He was also having a hard time at work	 and it all just boiled inside of me. We spoke about everything	 we were all crying and it was nice to get that weight off my shoulders. Fast forward to me graduating grade eight. I had improved my eating	 I now usually eat three or two times a day	 I have an extremely positive attitude towards everything. High school holds many things and I'm excited. I want to meet new friends	 I want to expose myself more and I want to just spend my days not worrying about anything. I know that seems extremely hypocritical but nothing is worth worrying about	 it'll all work out and shape you for your future self. I now spend my days jamming out to bands all day	 planning for high school. My mother still gives me some crap but I'm strictly on my diet again and I plan to improve my fitness and maybe lose some weight. For my health and for myself	 not for my mother or anyone else. I'm not fat or skinny	 I'm my god damn self.																your a great person :)																																				Hi gabby <3 I rlly hope u see this because I want u to see my appreciation to you!! I have always hated how I looked and thought I was a ugly little weirdo XD but watching this video made me feel better :) and I know a lot of people, can agree! We love u gabby From, Animalgirl101k																																				thank you for this! <3 <3 <3																																				"Thank you Gabbie! Ever since I was little I would suck in my stomach or I would try to stand up straighter to make myself look skinnier. I would wear really loose long pants to try to cover up my ""fat"" legs. And I would wear polos to cover up my neck. Thank you for teaching me that you are you and you don't have to compare yourself to others because I know gosh darn well that I would look at someone in a store or in the park and I would think, "" Man, if only I was that skinny.."" but to be really honest I wasn't fat at all! So yet again thanks so so so so SOOOOO much for teaching me to just have some self love. __"																																				I do almost the exact same thing																																				I don't understand how someone else's story of their problems help other people to deal with their problems I've watched so many videos about things like this but nothing helps all the tips don't work for me and watching more of these are just making my problems worse I know this seems like I'm an attention seeker I'm not no-one knows about my problems I just know no-ones gonna see this and care but I just need to get something off my chest and at least like this I can do it anonymously																																				This was so incredibly inspiring. I love you so much for sharing this it made me break down it was so relatable. Gives some of us that are struggling hope and a light at the end of the tunnel																																				That's just rude to call you fat you are not gabbie																																				"My brother called me fat and he isn't aloud no more and now years later I have a jerk ""friend"" that called me fat NO ONE but my bff cared and my brother called me fat again I never had a eating disorder but I thought about it when I was like 7 when I was first called fat by my own brother and everything was coming down at school too, my ex bff had a jerk friend that hated me so she was like a bully so I couldn't do anything and she was also a teacher's daughter so. I wrote a note that night saying I'm fat and blah blah blah so just don't call people fat and now people are getting bullied younger so pay attention to what you say to somone because now I'm older and the same thing is happening and I don't know what to do cause I know I shouldn't pay attention to them but it's hard (I'm still young not like 7 though it still gets to me to this day)"																																				"I'm sure you did help someone, but that someone wasn't me. I have always seen myself as fat and that won't change because it's true. And I'm not happy about it, and it hurts me because I can't so anything about it. ;("																																				Gabbie	 thank you so much for making this video. You wouldn't believe how much courage this gave me.																																			Thanks Gabby																																				I know exactly what you are saying!!! I felt the exact same way when I struggled with my eating disorder & I was so obsessed!!! It didn't help that my family would bring so much attention to it!! They would make me sit & watch Movie Time Specials that specifically dealt with eating disorders & every single day was a power struggle between my adopted mom & I!!! It was the darkest hours of my life & I felt so lost!! I know how you feel!!! It's so hard when you struggle with such a Powerful Mind Disorder!!! You are Beautiful & Strong...Inside & Out!!! Keep Inspiring The World!!! xoxo ____________																																				Ok were she's taking about this in the first part I did the exact thing last year and I didn't know what was going on and my parents thought I was trying to starve myself but I wasn't and Then that stopped and then the next year I threw up every day for like a few weeks for no reason so ya idk why I wanted to say that but OK ________																																				this really helped me																																				This video made me cry because I've gone throw the same things	 (like eating disorders) I would go weeks at a time without eating because everyone called me fat	 saying I was ugly	 I stopped eating the first time when my first boyfriend cheated on me and said I was too fat to be loved. But anyway I'm still going through an eating disorder	 but I've realized that a lot of people with they had my body and wish they could be as beautiful	 loving	 caring	 etc. So I know a lot of people go through the same thing and when I know some is skipping meals I try so hard to help them believe they are beautiful/handsome because it's true everyone is beautiful/handsome. I'm sorry if this bored you but I had to say this. You are amazing btw																													This video really is great																																				I want more in depth more vids like this maybe on another channel knowing u like keeping it light but it helps me																																				Im starting to have a eating disorder i eat but small amounts of my food like half of my plate and my mind is always on how much im eating its really hard not to have these thoughts but i can't help it everytime i look in the mirror im disgusted of myself__.																																				"Gabbie, You are beautiful and I think you could use a smile today ;)"																																				Gabbie this video is amazing ... I have watched so many and this one has to be my favorite																																				Thanks for this vid gab																																				this is one of the only videos online that have actually made me feel better about myself.																																				Gab	 I have a eating disorder to SO DO NOT FEEL BAD!__																																			Gabbie	 thank you so much. You are really helping me with your videos. Thank you.																																			this made me cry because you're so right and ive never thought this way before. thank you so much ______																																				I'm 10 and I don't like my body this helped me and this was relatable I feel like I'm fat and sometimes I get called that but I'm so young about worrying about my body so I'm not going to care about calories or weighting my self I'm just going to live a totally normal 10 year old life thank you gabby for helping me																																				You should make the end part because into a Salam Poem																																				I found out I'm borderline annorexic. I'm not doing it on purpose	 I'm just never hungry. I have an app that tracks calories as well. I usually eat 800 calories on average. If I eat even more	 I throw up due to feeling so full. It sucks.																																		This video made me cry. Anyone who has ever made a comment about her weight needs to watch this and cry. Gabbie you are beautiful just the way you are you don't need to change a thing _																																				This year I will be celebrating six years of when I stopped cutting and when I started eating healthy. For nine years I self harmed and was anorexic	 bulimic	 and I was binge eating.																																		No idea why someone would call you fat. Your not alone in the anorexia world. I was never skinny like others.																																				I wish it wasn't hard to accept who we are and to see that we are beautiful in our own ways ___																																				"I'm 13(14 in two months) I'm ,4'1"" and weigh 87 pounds"																																				I should not be drinking my home-made smoothie during this video huh? I don 't care	 I care about Gabb if I have to throw up I will do it for her :)																																			this was such a beautiful accomplishment!																																				omg when she said goldfish i thought she meant real goldfish																																				please tell us more ?																																				Gab I am so happy you shared this story you opened up to me what a big problem I have	 brought me to tears																																			Hi	hi																																			Thank you for making this.__																																				I'm a big fan of Gabbie and I watched this when she first uploaded it and it didn't really connect with me but of course I felt bad for her and love her but now a year later I'm bulimic and I'm watching this and crying it's so weird how different this video makes me think now that I'm struggling as well I love you Gabbie stay strong																																				I'm a big fan of Gabbie and I watched this when she first uploaded it and it didn't really connect with me but of course I felt bad for her and love her but now a year later I'm bulimic and I'm watching this and crying it's so weird how different this video makes me think now that I'm struggling as well I love you Gabbie stay strong																																				I've just seen this video and I honestly can't believe the similarities between your story and mine	 just know you're not alone	 trust me Ik how you feel and I'm sure others do too xx																																		U r so inspiring and funny________																																				I'm 5'4'' 110lbs and don't consider you fat at all.																																				self hate because	 i cant wear XL. i hate my size and am too lazy too work out or exersize. i have too much of a sweet tooth to eat healthy .																																			i love you.. thank u for being so inspiring and sharing ur journey with us.																																				I would love to hear more about your ED!																																				This definitely hit home! I actually started tearing up a little bit																																				Gabi you're like one of those people that I wish was my aunt. I know that's weird but you just are																																				____																																				I love you gabby																																				Gabbie that moved me so much__																																				You make me so happy honestly I'm crying. I've tried to gain more confidence by losing weight.																																				A more in depth video would be great <3																																				i would love to know more about it. not because i want you to bring back memories but so you can see them face to face and get the courage to tell me that im not the only one																																				This literally made me cry because I've had eating disorders that I didn't realize we're an issue until when one day I was at dance and it was our lunch break and of coarse I didn't eat anything and my friends all asked me aren't you Hungary I said no but then I realized my stomach hurt and it had hurt for days and I put the pieces together and realized I had an eating disorder and the reason I kept feeling like I was about to pass out at dance was because not only was I not eating I wasn't drinking anything and I still haven't fixed it but it's gotten better but it's still not where it should be																																				I feel the same as you but I don't have eating disorders																																				dear Gabbie I love you and you are so cool and honestly I am sorry that happened I love you can you respond please I am you biggest fan I am trying to sign a papper to get you more subscribers I am so sorry love you																																				Gabbie	 your an amazing person	 we all love you __																																		This story is amazing. I am a CHILD and I am extremely insecure. When I was 9 my parents would tell me I was obese even though I was slightly overweight. Eventually I would cry myself to sleep. One day my grandma told me I was lazy and I cried. She thought I was crying about something else but I wasn't. I told her and she cried cause she knew how I felt. Seeing your grandma cry is the most terrible feeling ever. I am now going on 12 and I am starting dance in a week. This is my last hope before I resort to other terrible things if you know what I mean. This story was so inspiring to me to not be ashamed but I still am. Once again dance is my very last hope before I do bad things to myself. Thank you gabbie for your story.																																				I completely relate to you	 I have had ED struggles and body dysmorphia. I know it is really hard	 but the bad days make the good days sooooo worth it. Its nice to know someone as amazing as you can relate to me. I appreciate your honesty and thank you for the encouragement	 you deserve happiness too. <3																																	This helps me and a lot of people I just learned about you and I am watching all of them																																				"If anyone called this lovely person who is telling her story to help others with the same problem fat, just to be mean, I want you to look at yourself and say, ''Wow, I am better than everyone else"" See? Can't do it, can you? So why do you think insulting her is okay? Everyone has their different flaws, But it takes positivity from all of us to work through them. I know not everyone will read this, but those who do, I hope you make a difference."																																				"I haven't been diagnosed with an eating disorder, but I've been on the brink of disordered eating. I have a distended gut and I think I may have gastrointestinal issues and I've thought about starving myself several times since junior year in order to lose weight. One time in fifth grade, I think I actually cried about my weight. And as if I wasn't weird enough already, I'm autistic so life can be more difficult to navigate. I look at others and just see how beautiful and amazing they are and then I look in the mirror and I don't see the same. The thing is that the people I see and compare myself to are the people I'm closest to; my friends. They tell me I'm beautiful too, but it's just so difficult to believe when all I see are the things that make me ugly."																																				I'm in this situation right now. I always think of my weight all day. Everything I eat tastes disgusting but I still eat. I've tried to throw up all of my food	 not succesful. I tried to stop eating but I'm just fat. I always wear jackets and sweatpants so people dont notice my awful body.																																			I would like to know more because I have a friend who has an eating disorder																																				Gabbie you are beautiful																																				Right on	 Gabbie!																																			i love this video more than words that i can explain																																				I've been kinda struggling with this	 and i kinda am over it	 but i still find myself forgetting to eat/only eating a little bit of food on some days	 and people like you who aren't afraid of your body/ have gotten over problems has really helped me. So I just want to say thank you__																																	damn	 but u need you understand that your body is legit GOALS	 your body is amazing	 ur not too skinny	 but just right	 everyone wants to have your amount of body																															I love you girly																																				Omg watching this actually told me I have a eating disorder. I can only eat food if I have a glass of water next to me or I will refuse to eat. I'm scared I will swallow and choke.																																				This is really deep and inspiring and has changed my perspective on so much and I feel better even about myself that I clicked on this video__																																				Thx	 I needed this	 I have struggled with anorexia for almost a year. This helped me alot																																		You've always been a skinny mini to me so....																																				Your such a beautiful and inspiring woman Gabbie!!! you need to make more videos like this, I feel and am fat compared to all of my friends. They all feel confident in bikinis in summer and will take their time getting into a pool. But I felt ashamed of my body, I didn't slowly get in a pool, I didn't want people to see what I really look like. Early this year, my boyfriend (now ex) cheated on me (he said I was fat after we broke up, a lot of people did), I lost so many friends (I had one friend who goes to another school to me, I sat In the toilets on the phone to her at breaks), I felt like I couldn't do it. But after about six months of constantly feeling sorry for myself, and with four months till summer, I'm doing everything possible to turn my life around. I don't have much support. But your videos make everything a lot easier for me. Please please please add me on Instagram: blue_ivy_03 and snapchat: tuscianlowe I love you so much xx																																				I cried so much. Thank you for making me realize that I don't need to be perfect	 I need to be healthy. I love you a lot gabs	 you are my happiness__																																		"i am scared for my boyfriend, no one ever addresses that men can get eating disorders and he definately has anorexia.. i find him telling me ""im so fat and ugly"" and trust me, he isnt. ive often asked him about of hes had lunch or if hes hungry (we spend entire days togather) and his usual response is ""no im fine"" and would tell me that the last time he ate was when i was at his house. (i only can see him a couple times a week) and that alone scares me to death. i have always struggled with gaining weight and do everything in my power to bring myself to a healthy weight. he goes to the bathroom and weighs himself everytime with excitement about losing weight. i worry deaprately one day he will colapse at work or home.. its not just a female obcession, anorexia has no gender.."																																				This video helped me so much and I'm only 11 I have been called fat and ugly and mostly any insult you can imagine I honestly cried when I watched this I love you Gabbie <3																																				Gabbie I am going through an eating disorder and I still am... But your video is so inspiring to me and I'm not gonna lie I did cry I know. Overdramatic. But I just wanted to say thank you. Thank you for making videos in rough times and thank you for being here.... I've been through alot of shit and your videos truly help me through it. And I hope I will get over this state I am in right now and be confident and happy... I just wanted to say thank you so much. ______																																				"I am so skinny but still somebody said ""I can feel your fat rolls"" so even if you are super skinny or fat as a truck people will have their own opinion"																																				______																																				i had the same problemmm																																				I know this wasn't the point of this video	 but honestly I have wanted to look like you for likeeeee ever. You are drop dead gorgeous!																																			This was really beautiful :)																																				Omg this video helped me sooo much ilysfm																																				Thank you so much gabbie for this inspirational video	 it really helped me to finally sit down and watch this as I've been putting if off since you posted it. I finally bought myself to watching it after I lost my niece to an eating disorder four days ago and her sister and mother both got really worried about me. I went to a doctor this morning and they told me that i might end up like my niece. I don't know if I'd actually care about taking care of myself probably if it wasn't for sitting down and watching this	 all throughout today all I thought about was that I'll see my niece soon. Thank you xx																																		is it bad that i was eating while watching this?																																				Amen____																																				Gabbie you are perfect																																				Yo I do this and I just turned 13																																				"Please make a video about your anxiety bc you make me feel like I'm not alone. Bc I know that people are like, ""your not alone"" but I've told my parents but they are trying to help but they don't know how serious it is, and I can't tell my friends. Please make me feel better"																																				Gabbie	 You are an amazing person. You are a person that people can look up to	 or watch your videos and genuinely relate to a person that is well known. I have watched so many people on youtube and i have met a lot of people in real life	 and you	 are the most down to earth	 and most relateable person that I know. You are an amazing person	 and even though I just started watching your videos literally last night	 I know that I will keep watching your videos as long as you keep making them. I hope one day I can meet you in real life and tell you thankyou.																													Who be calling you fat __																																				"I don't have an eating disorder and so my story is very different, but I still thought I'd share it. I've always been a small girl. As a child I was below average height and weight and children my age could easily pick me up and carry me around (and they did, often without my consent, it became a running joke amongst my friends that I was basically a feather anyway). I had trouble finding pants that would fit me for a long time, as while my legs were quite short, they were even skinnier, and most things would fall down without the help of a belt. As a nine year old people would praise me and compare me to my heavier friend, subtly making comments on how she should look more like me, making us both uncomfortable and upset. I was sad for her, but I won't lie, having my body be goals for other girls did make me feel good. This was around the time I started getting sick more often. I'd have migraines that would cause me to have to stay home for weeks. This would both lead to me getting less exercise and eating less, meaning my muscles became smaller and I got skinnier. Then puberty started arriving. Other girls' hips and boobs would grow, many would start to obsess about their weight (I did not realize this at the time) and the focus on body image grew. My boobs and hips stayed the same for a long time and I felt out of place because I felt that I looked like a child amongst women. What I did not know was that while they would talk loudly about their bra size, many of them felt ashamed about the size of the rest of their clothing and some went as far as to count their calories, wanting their waist to get smaller (remember, these are children I'm talking about). And so none of us were happy. We were all trying to look different, we would mentally pick apart our classmates, take the features we liked the most and label them ""goals"", wishing we could have them ourselves. It came to a point where I still had migraines, I was sick almost 50% of the time (Still am, but it's getting better) meaning I still ate way too little, and what I ate wasn't healthy because I'd eat anything my queasy stomach would allow me to. I have clear memories of drinking cream, because I was too skinny, and I thought I would help me get boobs and hips. When my body did start to change though, I did not realize. I'd still see myself as too skinny and shapeless, and the girls with great boobs and shapes would tell me they wish they had it as easy as me, and I wouldn't understand why. I desperately wanted to gain weight. What changed everything was the day I realized I had stretch marks on my hips. I know a lot of people think of them as ugly and for some they are big insecurities, but I loved mine and took pride in them. Like Gabbie said, it's very difficult to see changes in yourself, and it took evidence like this to show me that my body really had changed. The moral of the story is not that your body has to look any certain way, but rather to further Gabbie's point about how what you might hate about yourself may be goals to others. My stretch marks are my favourite part of my body, not because that means I have hips, but rather because it symbolizesÊeverything I thought I had to be, and how wrong I was. Every ""heavier"" girl was my goals, I wanted to look like them, I hated that I could see my bones and thought I looked like a skeleton. I hated that my body would show my illness the way it did, and I just wanted to change. Just thought I'd share a different perspective, Idk, sorry about this block of text"																																				"Ok, so I live in a country that doesn't have Goldfish crackers, and it's been a looong time since I've lived in the USA, so when she said ""my friend had a big thing of Goldfish, so I just had some"" I thought she was saying she ATE THE ACTUAL GOLDFISH. This was around 3:20."																																				Hilary should have won																																				I love this video thank you gabby																																				I'm 71 pounds and I'm 11.. My brother is 9 and is 90 pounds.. I don't wanna end up in the hospital does anyone have any tips.? I do have anxiety but I have not yet been diagnosed with an eating disorder..																																				I honestly don't think girls think that they have to be skinny to be pretty. I knew dis girl who kept saying she was fat but honestly 	 most pretty girl I have ever seen																																			Yaa																																				i have an eating disorder currently. im struggling with it so badly and i just dk what to do																																				This video actually helped a lot thanks Gabbie <3 you're truly an amazing human being.																																				you're so beautiful gabbie________ i love you so much!!! thank you for sharing this	 i needed it :-)																																			I wish I could get to the place you're in now but I can't see it getting any better for me																																				"No offense but I could never have that I LOVE FOOD like I think I could have one then I look at my life and say ""nah no way I love food"""																																				I get bullied for being skinny																																				gabbie	 your butiful and NOT fat and im glade you got help and im going tro the same thing too																																			I have an eating disorder to	 ive had it from age 10 and always felt so alone. So thank you for making this video.																																			wow.																																				I identify with your situation so much. You're beautiful gab and your body is great and healthy looking and you have great curves. I've had eating disorders when I was younger	 and I'm still battling my weight but I really appreciate you telling us your story.																																			The stress from school often causes me to not eat for days w/o me noticing. Therefor I have to constantly have an eye on my eating.																																				I don't understand how people can call you fat!! firstly - you're not secondly - how can someone live with themselves after calling someone with an eating disorder fat. it sickens me																																				Ik this probably has nothing to do with this and no one is gonna see this but I have celiac disease so I can't eat gluten and I also have an malabsorption disorder so that means I can't eat gum 	 and can't drink out of a straw or anything like that and I'm always being yelled at for not eating vitamins and it's so annoying and I'm also so insecure about my weight too (not as bad as ur situation which I'm very proud of u !__) anyway my bff always tells me she gets angry bc I'm so skinny but I know I'm not everyone says I am but I'm always saying I just want to be skinnier it's the thing I hate most about myself but ik ppl r just being nice but what's worse is I can't compare myself bc all the ppl at my school r as skinny as sticks but anyway all in all Gabbie ur amazing and ily ______																																			________																																				I just realized I have an eating disorder it's bad omg																																				Thanks for making this video	 you helped me with being insecure about my own body	 and now I know I'm beautiful just the way I am...thank you so much...your amazing gabbie____																																		"I'm heading into middle school with a bunch of negative thoughts about body weight and being skinny or fat. I'm not sure if I have an eating disorder and I'm kinda afraid to talk to anyone about this. I have negative thoughts about my body being too fat and what I'm going or eat that day and if I should really go with my friends to get ice cream. It's not like I'm depressed, I still have fun and hang out with my friends but I just feel I shouldn't have an extra treat in case I'm getting too fat.Sometimes I just break down crying because all my friends are what you would call ""the skinny and popular and pretty"" girls. But I just feel like I'm not. And my dad and mom say that I need to eat more (bc of hockey soccer lax) but I feel that I shouldn't eat more and I should eat less. Would you consider this an eating disorder bc I'm really not sure."																																				Man	 I wish I saw this when it came out.																																			When she said my freind had goldfish and i said fuck and ate a couple i thought she at a fish________________																																				My best friend has a serious eating disorder. I showed her this video. She thought her sister was going to die. This gave her hope.																																				I go through depression a lot and it causes me to not eat that much so your not that much alone																																				Are u lesbian?? Does anybody know if so please comment on my comment																																				Thank you so much gabby this really has changed my point of view and opened my eyes about myself and accepting my body and to start focusing on health instead of weight because I struggle with the same thing as you																																				This video made me cry so much cause I can relate to it on so many levels and learn from just a shot video so much about most of the things I've been struggling with																																				i don't think i have an eating disorder but is it bad that i have the exact same thoughts as gabbie																																				I have watched this before and I'm glad I watched this again I need to be more confident and love or even like my own body it's just so hard ily and thank you for always being so open with us																																				ig my ed never started from people calling me fat	 but probably from people calling me thin all the time? ive always been obsessive about living up to other peoples' expectations and so when i started getting a little bit of a tum I freaked out and got obsessive about my weight	 it started in second grade and got to a point in early junior high where I couldn't eat without feeling like shit about it and I would barely eat in a day if I did at all																																		I just wanted to thank you from the bottom of my heart for sharing this!																																				I want to know more																																				I feel like I'm talking to my best friend watching this...																																				You're amazingly beautiful. I'm a new viewer of your channel (and have been binge watching you through my own struggles) and I highly respect your openness. <3 You're a beautiful soul.																																				I cried																																				I remember someone saying to me that I had 'abs naturally' on a swim trip with school. While I actually obsessively worked out daily and barely ate and did my ab routine time 3 before leaving to the trip because I was so scared of showing my body. I hated it so much that she just assumed that I naturally looked like that while it was a hell and a daily struggle to accomplish that body. ( It was also very unhealthy ofc)																																				I remember when I quit on living and stopped having any social interactions because I thought I was fat because everyone told me that I was. And looking at the pictures then and now I see how stupid I was because I was feeling down and started to eat my feelings and eventually I got actually fat while in the past I was normal size.																																				I've watched this video countless times just to make me feel better when I feel like relapsing. Thank you	 Gab. You'll never understand how much this helps.																																			You helped me a lot with this video____																																				Wow this was really inspiring it really helped! Thank you for saying your story																																				I relate too much																																				The song!!																																				Yessss gabby. Plz make more of these. I'm struggling																																				Lots of people in my past have called me fat	 I've always been bigger and taller than other girls my age and I've been comparing my weight and stomach size to others since as long as I can remember. I significantly remember a boy calling me fat and me thinking he was so right but being so angry for his pointing it out that whenever I saw him at my Tae Kwan Do that I would try and spar him and yell at him and since then my opinion on myself has decreased so much that I hate every part of my body. This video makes me feel slightly better about myself	 knowing others do experience similar and the same things																																		You inspire me																																				stay strong	 to anyone and myself from eating disorders																																			This made me cry	 I didn't think anything was wrong with how I eat. I would skip breakfast	 and everyone did it	 we were in seventh grade	 nobody had time in the morning. Then I started skipping lunch. I iust didn't want to eat	 and then I started lowering my dinner portions	 now I barely eat dinner. I go days without eating and on my good days I eat 0 calories	 on my bad days I eat 800	 I always saw myself as fat	 and my own brother called me fat when I was seven	 only seven. The words of your family members impact you more than you think. Please	 think before you say something.__																									My idol______ and honestly same																																				please please make more of these videos	 it'd help me and I'm sure others a lot																																			I relate to you on a lot of these. I didn't really think of it as an eating disorder. Maybe I'm just a hog	 but maybe not....																																			That's it. I'm not letting myself bully myself.																																				Thank u for sharing your struggle.... put my struggles in perspective as well. Keep using your voice!!! It helps so many more than you will ever know __																																				"How do I stop comparing myself with other people? ;-; it's not about my body, but not being... popular tbh. I know it's cliche, I know it's stupid, but I really do wish that. On Instagram these girls my age get hundreds of likes, and my average amount is 13. They're so pretty and everybody loves them and they're perfect and I just exist. I do have friends, but they all have their own friends and they're my only friends. I wish I wasn't so shy. I never know what to say around people. I just want to feel like I'm not a failure."																																				I don't see why people even think to call Gabbie fat. She's perfect she's so beautiful__																																				God loves you all greatly !! He always has His arms wide open! For He is good and merciful __																																				I used to have the same disorder	 but it had nothing to do with my weight. It started in Elementary school	 I was told that we weren't allowed to have food on the play ground	 so when I didn't finish	 I'd throw it away or spit it out	 I didn't realize how much of a problem it was	 and now my friends are worried that I'm underweight	 it's a huge problem																													same																																				And this is why I love Gabbie ____																																				STUPID DAVID DOBRIK! He keeps calling you fat! You better slap him!																																				I would really want more videos like this	 more in depth. It really helps me not feel alone.																																			this time last year I weighed 49kgs... I'm 6 foot 5... and I still convinced myself that I was fat and I ate like 0-200 calories a day... now I'm recovering but I related so much to this video now I want to cry																																				Im so related to this																																				I've been watching gabbie since I was in 4th grade now I'm entering 8th grade	 This is why I still love and support her.																																			"This video always pops up into my ""watch again"" at the perfect times.."																																				I can relate to this ________																																				I just need to met you																																				When she talked about not being able to swallow the food and standing next to the trash can. My heart dropped. I know that this is something I had done. Gabby thanks. You really are something amazing. Honestly the best YouTuber Ive ever encountered.																																				0:36 Gabbie: Compelled... The Vampire Diaries/ The Originals !! Fans!																																				You're so inspirational __ This make me cry so much x																																				aw gabbie l love you																																				Please talk about this more...																																				"Love you Gabbie! Don't feel so weighed down by your weight or appearance. Be yourself because everybody else is taken. ""You don't have to be trapped in a mirror to actually be cursed in one."" Chris Colfer, 2017"																																				eat clean and exercise but treat urself once a week for starters	 not that hard but ok																																			I have watched this video so many times and never gotten the balls to ask for more videos on how to deal with my eating disorder. It all started out when I was around 2 or 3 when my mom who was 19 at the time wouldn't feed me so I was adopted by me grandparents who then took me to the doctor cause I wasn't gonna eat I wasn't used to having food every day so my grandparents took me to the doctor and the doctor told them to put butter on everything I ate so I got pretty chubby . Now I'm older and am the one person in middle school who people think of as fat and ugly and doesn't need that much food but I was eating everything they were and now I have broken myself down so much that I will go whole days without eating or drinking I can't stop and when I eat I'm not hungry i don't want to if I didn't have to I wouldn't I have been bullied so much that everything has gotten to me and I am working out but I'm still not hungry and won't eat .																																				This video actually made me rethink about how I've personally been acting lately. Not necessarily about my body	 yet I do know I do have as equal issues about that battle.. I realized I need to stop comparing myself to be something I'd want to be like. Actually	 seeing Gabbie daily made me want to be skinnier and.. in relationships I can't get over the past and stop comparing exes to my new boyfriend and its wrecking us.. So	 thanks to Gabbie I'm taking the first steps to helping myself.. I love you so much	 Gabbie. You're amazing and you've always helped me.																																So great that you're sharing your story! __________________																																				so I've seen this video before and its been like a long time	 and I'm just now watching it again and I've been dealing with a lot about my weight and it seems that I'm always worrying about my weight or what I'm eating or how much or how fast I'm eating compared to everyone else or how much room I take up or something. and the first time I watched this I didn't do any of that	 or at least not as much	 so this didn't mean as much to me as it does now	 and boy	 I really needed this	 I'm working on being healthier	 I'm working on my self-esteem	 I'm working on my mindset	 and i have lots of support	 it's hard but I am	 I'm happy I have things like this to give me some refreshers. thank you Gabs	 keep it up																								Crying																																				People are horrible	 I'm glad you got healthy and continue to stay healthy																																			Gabbie. Thank you to the moon and back for this video. I am/used to be really self-confident about being fat	 for many reasons. One	 I have a friend who is super skinny	 she weighs 30 pounds less than me. I love her to death but she makes me feel really fat :( Also once	 about two years ago	 it was lunch at school and my chair was broken	 and when I went to sit down	 the chair broke completely under my weight. The class didn't know my chair was broken to begin with and they laughed and called me fat. I ran into the bathroom and cried. That summer	 I spent almost all my time searching up ways to lose weight	 I only ate when I had to	 exercised non-stop	 but I couldn't lose weight. Everytime I would gain weight	 I would cry. I felt stuck. Eventually I gave up	 but I still felt extremely self conscious. Then I started middle school. I lost so many friends	 but gained much more friends in return. They made me feel so good	 and even though people called me bad things	 I never listened to them. I had my friends to make me feel like I mattered__ Thanks to all my friends	 I stopped trying to lose weight. But I'm still self conscious. Even though I only weigh 90 pounds! Your video made me realize that life is too short to be self conscious	 and that there are so many people who wish they had MY life	 and their goal is to have MY body. That's just crazy to me. Thanks for snapping me into reality Gabbie. I hugely appreciate it!																	My anxiety has made me eat a lot more than an average person should. I'm trying really hard now to instead of eating when I'm feeling anxious	 distract myself through exercising (it helps me feel better) or even talking to my family. I also noticed that I was dehydrated and instead of drinking water I was thinking that I was just hungry and eat a lot. Now I drink a few bottles of water a day and I'm not eating every second of every day.																																			I am very insecure about myself. My mom will always call me fat and that made me even more insecure. I start to go on a diet where I eat less and drink less. And one day	 my blood pressure was low. If I fainted	 I will die. She got angry at me for going on this diet. I told her she is the one who caused this but OH no	 she denied.																																	Honestly I have hated my weight for ages even though I have always been the right size for my age and height but struggled to accept that just because I am the right weight the fat can be wherever such as more in my thighs then stomach which in my case is true I was always the friend with bigger thighs for the longest time wishing I wasn't but I couldn't help it I tried diets you know how hard that is for a kid trying to live there life it honestly is so hard and working out was even harder but playing sports was my one way of thinking I was still in shape I was would look at the girls in my school who where like 90 pounds while I was in my 100 and think how is that fair but I reminded my self well if I am the right wait what are they that's when I decided that who cares what I look like I have so many friends who care and support me my sister and I go on daily runs and do extreme condition but still have not lost lots but I remind myself that my mom was also not the skinny person in the world so I am happy and could care less																																				What annoys me is some of my boy friends call me far as a joke but it still hurts even tho all my friends are bigger																																				Honestly your body is goals ________ I wish I had your body																																				OMG Gabbie I'm being dead honest all those people and hate comments they need help Gabbie I'm being honest from your first video to your last you were skinney you just had some meat on your thighs doesn't madder if your fat or skinny I'm being honest not just saying this everyone here did not make themselves god did your mom did your dad did and whenever i got made fun of I would say out loud IT'S not like you can make your hair long short blue eyes brown eyes thick skinny fat small tall BUT YOU CANT you are u																																				This is why I love Gabbie! She is so caring towards her fans! Since kindergarten people would tell me I was fat and I believed that until now. And when I would ask my mom or sister if I look fat they would say no	 but I felt like they are just being nice. I was continuing to think that I was fat. When I thought I looked fat I would get angry and change my outfit. Once I was at a family Christmas party and my grandma was talking about how my sister lost a lot of weight and I got really upset. But I got taller and also started working out like a year later and then she finally told me I looked like I lost weight	 but once she said that it didn't give me the total satisfaction that that I thought it would. So I started working on what I thought about myself not others. Now I am much healthier than I was before.																																		I cant eat	 it hurts me i dont know whats wrong with me	 help..																																		Mines gotten so bad i can barely eat anything other than a little light fruit without throwing up.... like and im not even forcing myself to throw up i just so																																				I have an eating disorder.																																				i want your therapists name i need him.. but forreal																																				Anorexia is absolutely terrifying. I nearly drop to the floor everyday from lack of eating. It's not at easy to eat as everyone says.																																				So scared to watch this I know for a fact it's going to trigger me and actually I'm pretty sure that's why I'm why watching .																																				Wow gab this really helped xx																																				Wait u ate a goldfish																																				"Gabbie you are so beautiful and no one is right when they say you are fat. You are NOT fat. I love you and your videos and stay strong. I know you can. I have really ""unique"" hair and have been so self conscious of it because it looked very frizzy and I hated it so much I tried so many different products and tried to straighten it. Your video shows me that I don't have to be self conscious about my hair or my body. Thank you so much. I love you."																																				I've always looked at you as an idle. You make my days so much brighter. I hate to admit it but... I have an eating disorder too. This helped me so much knowing that I'm not the only one. I love you so dearly.																																				I watched this while eating pizza. Is that bad?																																				"I thought she meant real gold fish, and I was like. ""WHAT??"" Lol"																																				I love you gabbie!!____																																				i dont wanna make this sound funny but even i laugh when i think of it but i forgot to swallow when i was sick so when my mom gave me a pill that i needed to drink i almost choked																																				Nuh uh _______________________																																				Thank you gabbie!!!																																				"I remember my sister was on the verge of dying a few times bc of her eating disorder and she was so fucking skinny so I thought being skinny was normal and that being skinny is so pretty so I was like ""holy shit I need to be skinny"" . A few years passed and I was like ""I'm getting fat"" as I compare myself to these female kpop idols and I stopped eating, I would go out and run even if I had not eaten anything and had a soccer match after. I would try to not eat any sugar or gluten and try to eat at least an apple for breakfast and as little as my mom would let me for supper. My mom would tell me I haven't eating anything and I would get hungry, so what I would do is take a snack like those granola bars and I would take the bar out of the package I would chew and spit it out in the package, throw it in the trash and then drink water so that I would get full. I wanted to get that thigh gap, flat stomach thin arms. I wanted the girls at my school to look at me while we were changing in our gym close to look at me with eyes wide and say ""omg your so skinny, I can see your ribs/hip bones"". Guess what I'm fucking 15 years old and I'm still trying to be a bit thinner. I'm trying hard to do this healthy and I still compare myself to these kpop idols or Instagram models who have this gorgeous skinny body. I don't want to tell my mom or my dad bc I don't want them to call a stranger for me to talk to ( I hate talking to ppl I don't know unless they are hot/cute boys or cute girls) about my feelings plus I don't want them to go through the same thing twice. I don't want to be fucking hungry at night to the point I can't even sleep. But at the same time I want to be skinny. I know I have a problem and I'm working on it. No one will ever read this but I just felt that I can put this here anonymously and get something off my chest without anyone knowing who I am. Whatever have a good day :)"																																				Now that I think about it	 I may have this																																			You are beautiful __ never feel any less than																																				Oh fuck	 ever since I gained a lil weight	 I've been so hard on myself. I'll go without eating until I can't take it anymore. Then	 I'll eat so much and feel disgusting. And I hate the extra fat I've gained. At least I'm not alone. I didn't even realize this was unhealthy.																																	This honestly hit me hard. I'm proud of you Gabbie. I love you! This video honestly made me realize that I am too hard on myself sometimes. Thank you__																																				It breaks my heart when you can hear her voice crack and the fake smile she puts on. She is so perfect though	 I hate how much she is hurting. You can see the tears forming in her eyes. I feel so bad.....																																			Love this video																																				It makes me kind of happy that I'm not the only one struggling with this	 and especially now that I'm realizing what's going on on my own and now you're making a video about it	 it's just really eye opening I guess. Thanks for the video :)																																		Read through the end I think what's more important than your size is your health. Like there are skinny people who are SUPER unhealthy, but where are they gonna be in ten years? If you're a little chubby but you eat healthy, then everything is fine and if people wanna judge you on your weight without looking at how you act, then screw them Ok so EDIT. I wrote is before gabbie said the EXACT SAME THING. This is why I can 100% relate to gabbie's videos about being physic, these things always happen to me.																																				my friend is not eating	 watching her calories and looking at Skinner people online. it hurts me to see her this way because really she is beautiful and skinny but she doesn't see that. I'm worried about her health. any ideas on how I could help?																																			"""Your before photo might be someone else's goals."". Well said."																																				some people make fun of her for going to therapy but would you rather have her turn to drugs. most people do and die from it																																				I know this was a year ago but im going through an eating disorder																																				I want to be very skinny but	 people are perfect the way they are and GABBIE my god is the beauty but if you want eat healthy and exercise																																			Yes	 you helped a lot of us especially me you have helped me you and fifth harmony kept me alive																																			Gabbie is literally my inspiration	 not to sound cheesy but i love gabbie so much because whenever im having a bad day or just in the mood for a fun time or a laugh	 there's always gabbie! ____																																		"A lot of people over the years have called me fat and even one of my old best friends (I am no longer friends with her) called me overweight. She literally said, ""Have you ever heard of working out? You could use it"" This made me extremely upset because I am a swimmer and practice for 2 hours in the morning and then 2.5 hours at night everyday. I also eat very healthy and a balanced diet in order to keep my muscles in good condition. But when these people were talking about my weight and talking about it behind my back, I got really self conscious. I would refuse to go to swim practice and try to get out of it whenever I could because I didn't want to be seen in a swimsuit. I slipped into this funk and my swimming was awful and all my friends improved and I lacked the skill I once had. This was all going to my head and I tried so many things to make me skinny. Nothing worked. I cut myself off from everyone and I didn't have any friends. But then in 7th grade I became close friends with a girl (Let's call her Lucy) in my Phys Ed. class. Lucy was the first one I opened up to about my problems. Lucy was self councious because she was very muscular and had big thighs and ass (but like not fat) and people would say rude things. But Lucy was really pretty and I wanted to be just like her. I said, ""I feel like I'm really fat. People say it about me all the time."" and she looked appalled. She said, ""Ava! You're not fat. I wouldn't say ugh she's so skinny! Because you're curvy."" This was all I needed and I got out of my funk and made friends. What people thought of my ruined my social life and my swimming. But once this happened, I got good at swimming again, and made friends with people accepted me. I am very happy now. And if Lucy, you are reading this, thank you so much."																																				Thank you.																																				I'm becoming more insecure and I'm forcing myself not to do this.																																				I cried while watching this																																				Thank you Gabbie for speaking out about your personal experience with eating disorders. I personally love this content. Don't get me wrong	 I love you and all of yourÊother content very much	 but I love when you sit down and speak with your heart. I love it for many reasons. Number one	ÊI get to know the real you a little bit better. And number two	ÊI can connect with it on an personal level	 in a beneficial way. So thank you	 I really appreciate this. So please	 stay beautiful	 stay strong	 stay you. I love you!																											Facts kids^^																																				thank you																																				Wow. I realized that I relate to you so much. I have severe anxiety (diagnosed). Depression (not yet professionally diagnosed	 we are going to see). But I have been SOOO close to starving myself	 or at least eating as little as possible. Gabbie this video has helped me so much. I am in tears writing this. I hope you see this so much so you know that you make a HUGE difference. Thank you so much. Also this is the only comment section I feel comfortable saying this. Thank you. __																																		who's eating food while watching this																																				Thank you gabs	 thank you. <3																																			ohhh that explains why you are always saying things like naahh i have this i have that i might not look as pretty as her. And you're so damn pretty that i thought you are saying that cause you were just trying to be humble or something. You just need to see that you are perfect _																																				I know this video was posted a year ago but I'm going to comment anyway. Thank you for posting this video	 I have battled with self-hatred and a need to control my environment for my entire life	 and that manifested into an eating disorder when I was 12. My father was obsessed with statistics and would weigh me almost everyday from a very young age	 so I was always aware of the number on the scales. I was always comparing my body to others	 convinced I was fat	 and was extremely self-conscious of my thighs and throughout all of primary school and junior high school and I would sit on the floor hugging my knees to my chest	 ankles crossed	 hunched over	 instead of crossing my legs normally	 for fear of people seeing how 'fat' my thighs were. At 12	 I became obsessed with portion control and calorie counting and vigorous exercise. After about 4 months my body was so deprived	 so one day I ate a chocolate chip cookie and that led to a ravenous binge. From then on I was stuck in the cycle of starving myself for a few days and then binging on junk food. I felt like a complete failure and I started to put on the weight I had lost and felt more self-conscious than ever. This continued for a year or so	 and I became more and more out of control and was drowning in self-loathing. One day in the middle of 2015 when I was really depressed	 I came across a vegan YouTuber who had previously suffered from an eating disorder of restriction and binging	 who had transformed her life after adopting the vegan lifestyle and was the healthiest and happiest she'd ever been	 eating more than she ever had	 and I realised that I had to start looking after my body and giving it energy and nutrients or it was going to hold onto fat and water weight forever. I took the plunge	 and fast forward to now	 I am still eating vegan and am the happiest I've ever been with my body. I still have other issues about control and self-hatred in other parts of my life	 but I'm so glad I am now able to love and appreciate my body and focus on being healthy	 not skinny.																100%!!! LOVE this video Gabs	 you are beautiful just the way you	 I've never thought you were fat	 but I'm glad your feeling healthy now. I LOVE watching you <3 <3 <3																																	Gabbie I love you so much! Your so inspirational and sweet!__ Keep being the AMAZING FUNNY person I love watching every day____ You're my inspiration for a ton of things and I know your an inspiration to others!__																																				The only person who tells me I'm fat daily is my mom so it's eat a salad or eat nothing or dealt with her constant shit that makes me lose my appetite and just walk away from my food																																				Love you sweetheart																																				gabbie is fat.... fabulous amazing terrific hehe (not calling her fat)																																				I've had an eating disorder for over a year now and I haven't been losing much weight but the pain I never really thought about and I just pushed it aside. This video helped me to realize that it is bad but honestly it's hard to eat after not eating a lot of food																																				Thank you Gabbie I really needed this and that is have a eating disorder and I just eat my feelings for a reason that I can't say I can only give you a hint CPS																																				You're such a strong person!!																																				Well. I had goosebumps throughout the whole video..																																				Gabbie it's very Brave of you to come out with a video like this and Deal with the hate You have tought me a lot And this is why u are one of the biggest inspirations in my life I see you as a life changing person to me You have tought me to be myself , to not hold on , and just express yourself, you have tought me a lot (I am a big FAN GIRL) And one of my dreams one day is to move to LA and meet you and do a collab with u somehow But you are like 13 years older than me so I just have hope that one day my dream will come true THANK YOU so much And just continue to do you Don't let nobody tell you different																																				"I'm worried about a girl at my school. She is one of the ""popular"" people at my school, has showed obviously that she cares what people think about her, wears a lot of makeup, and is very skinny. Now, these things I would not have been concerned about or even noticed at all if I hadn't heard what I heard next. In class, before the teacher came in and we were all talking, I was sitting next to her, and she was talking to one of her close friends, and I heard her say ""Yeah, I throw up all the time. Like every morning, actually, but it's whatever."" Like, dude? That's not normal? Like at all? I really don't know what to do or say anymore."																																				Gabbie you are fantastic and perfect and amazing...YOU ARE STUNNING and I don't know how you are not aware of that love you Gabbie____																																				I don't have the eating disorder but I look like I have one. I eat so much but I'm still so skinny ____																																				Eating makes you fat and fat is wight and wight drags you lower and lower till the end and all you can do is eat eat eat																																				"This is a true story. I have this friend who is absolutely gorgeous, even before we were friends I knew that girl was prettier than anyone I've ever met. I always looked at her and saw how skinny and beautiful she was and felt bad about myself. I thought ""I am so ugly"" and "" by body is so horrible"". Months after, we were talking and she confessed that she always looked at me and thought how ugly she was and how fat she was. I was confused because that's how I saw her. Then we realized that all this time we've been wanting to be as the other with ought knowing we were already were. We both solve our problems together"																																				"so strong and just amazing!. people tell me I'm skinny but the environment here is like ""the skinnier the better"" which is why all my life I've tried to loud weight. the more I lose the happier I am with my body. is what I thought. but then I noticed i will never be exactly like the image in my head. I'm different. my body has its type. it's not like anything. it's unique. I do still enjoy getting thinner but that's only because is feel light and can play volleyball( my passion) better. anyway after I noticed that^ I started focusing on becoming healthy not skinny. so I tarted eating healthier( most of the time____) and gain muscle and I just feel great you know?"																																				Gabbie you're a super hard worker and an inspiration! And it's great to see how much you've grown since this video.. you're a great person and thanks for showing us how to not let others bring us down because we are imperfect , everyone deals with different issues and no one should pick on others because they're not the conventional beautiful.. thanks for making me smile with your videos and vlogs ________																																				Honestly I wanna see an update video and see how she's doing																																				I have such low confidence I literally started crying in the gym the other day because I felt out of place. I keep forgetting I'm only 14 and I still am young but it's so hard to get over this. Thx gabby :)																																				thank you for this. words out I my mouth																																				I want to have anorexia. I look at my weight and I'm not satisfied. I eat healthy	 I work out	 but my body doesn't change. I am 142 pounds and I am 13. I don't even have a stomach! I have a flat stomach but the numbers are what's killing me. Help?																																		I hate my body even my older brother calls me fat I cry myself to sleep and I starve myself and once I start eating something sometimes ill just spit it out thanks for inspiring me when I really need it																																				I'm a 13 and I feel like I'm overweight.I weigh 167 pounds	and all the thin girls at my school make fun of me.I have a boyfriend and friends that say I'm beautiful	 but every time I look in the mirror I just see all my mistakes...that's kinda why I hate pictures of myself.I'm trying to get rid of it	and I've tried several diets	workouts	heck even starvation. but its not showing.I just don't know what to do.																															I'm so happy for you gabbie!! I don't quite struggle with the same thing but I do have a low self esteem and confidence level and often wonder if I'm overweight and sometimes it just doesn't seem to go away thank you for uploading this video it really did help!!! I love you and your videos keep It up																																				"My name is Bianca. I'm twelve years old. I weigh totally over the average weight. I have C cup boobs __. I know that you will probably bully me, but I'm 160 pounds. People tell me everyday, on social media and in real life, that I am fat. People tell me to kill my self, and stop eating so I can become ""normal weight"" . At one time, I was barely eating (it was like for a month) and then the same people would tell me to start eating. They tell me I can't look good in ""cute clothes"" because I'm a large/extra large and not a small. Gabbie, thank you so much for this video, I had been cutting myself, skipping meals, and trying to be ""the perfect body"" , now, I'm happy about my ""big"" body because it means my friends give me the best bear hugs (they call me Bonka bear) and I love it. I've lost most of my friends, but I really needed this video. Thank you gabbie for admitting you're not perfect, just like everyone else in the world."																																				my eating disorder waswnt as bad but I have never been fat I was always 60 70 80 ponds never any higher and I'm 87 ponds right now but I this year I started thinking of my self as fat and I started to not wanting to eat and I was being forced to eat and it hurt a lot cuz i wouldn't eat very much but I've now gotten a lot better but now I'm trying to be confident and happy with who I am																																				could we have an update on how your doing now? I understand if you would like to keep it to yourself because this is your personal life and I have tons of respect for and I don't want to offend you by asking you to tell us more. love you gabby :)																																				"I know people say ""Your beautiful just the way you are"" ""your not fat"" ""weight is just a number"" I'm a 14 year old female and currently 150 pounds. I feel fat, I'm not healthy... But I see girls at the mall or pool who are like 120 that are OLDER then me.. I want to be skinny.. Someone help with my problem.... I need advice"																																				"I kinda have an eating disorder. When I was 12 I gained a lot of weight because of my mental health. I was bullied by people I didn't know. Then when I was 13, I starved myself. And I lost weight. When I was 14 I was about 62 kg. And I felt so so fat. I always was between 62 to 68. ALL THE TIME. I starved always about 4 Days in a row. But then I was in a mental hospital for 2 times. I gained so much weight in that time. I was 74 kg after these two times. After that I tried to kill myself. I hated myself so much. So I was in a coma for about a week, and lost weight; which were my muscles. And my body is very fucked up since then. I still have these thoughts, still want to be so frckn skinny. But my body doesn't allow me to. The last time I watched on the scale I was about 84kg. And I don't eat unhealthy. I'm doing workouts, being a vegetarian. I'm nearly 18 now and I hope my body will recover from my suicide attempt which was nearly 3 years ago. Because my mental disorders ruined myself."																																				In today's generation there are so many expectations for everyone to be perfect. It's annoying																																				This makes me think I I've an eating disorder																																				When she said I was only eating 500-800 calories made me think about my calories tracker and I only eat 280																																				In the month of july draw half a heart somewhere on your body and tag it with the #julyawareness																																				you helped me ______																																				Gabbie helps me so much. I've always had this obsession with my weight and at first I tried not eating	 but I still didn't exercise and I ended gaining weight and splitting headaches. Thankfully after a few years of trial and error I've started exercising and eating healthier. I still have my days were I don't want to eat	 but I push through it and made sure I ate anyways despite the urges not to. I can successfully say I've gone down two sizes and look forward to going down more.																																		Every body is made in their own unique way. And it's your decision either to show it off or hide it. I think u are perfect the way u are. Your features make u who u are __ which is a big hearted 	 hilarious Individual that speaks her mind. Don't let anyone's words change your mind. Continue to be yourself bc that's the best u can be																																			I had a eating disorder from ages 9-12 and it was because my friend was unhealthy at all she wanted yet was only 53 pounds in grade 4 and I thought that meant I was fat so I ate 1 'meal' a day which was a fruit salad and pretend to eat every other meal I told my parents I was fine and they never knew I had it and to this day they did not I ended up losing 40 pounds in 1 year I was proud but I felt so sick I ran at least 3 miles a day and when I turned 13 my current age I stopped this I was only 83 pound at 13 that is not healthy I started eating better I still exercised a lot and still do but I'm much healthier now and when I saw this last year I came back too it Almaty daily and thought I need to get help and about 1 year later I am happy and healthy with a loving bf who supprted me through this whole process(read any replies from myself they have a little bit more info)																																				Thank you- please make more videos like this- I had just thrown up- on purpose- before watching this video and I am crying because you are so inspiring and beautiful. THANK YOU!! __																																				Gabbie	 please make a video of your eating disorder	 in more depth please.....																																		this made me cry..anyways I guess I should focus on gaining confidence and not so much on losing weight																																				I'm crying _																																				dat sunburn tho																																				You are so beautiful Gabbie x we all love you so much x																																				Gabby!!! you are legitimately one of the most beautiful (inside n out)people iv ever seen! thank you for sharing your story! i know how hard it is. love love love u!																																				Gabbie hank you so much for making this video it helped me with mine																																				"I used to be small, not in height but in weight, but once I hit puberty I started gaining a lot. In 6t grade, one of my friends who was was smaller than me, commented ""ugh I can't believe myself. I am 85 pounds, I'm such a fatass."". This hurt me. My friend called herself fat for being 85 pounds at the age of 12, while I was 116 then, and I was 11. I've been called fat a lot, and it doesn't help that all my friends are in the 80-low 100's. They are all skinny, and everyone compares me to them. Now that I'm 13, I still get bullied, and I've tried to lose weight. I've tried exersising, I've tried not eating, and I even told one of my friends that and she told a lot of people and that made everything worse. They don't get that I am trying to be comfortable in my own body, and I want to be comfortable, but I can't when everyone is putting me down. At lunch I've been told "" go grab a salad, you need it"", and ""your seriously eating that? Damn, you fatass""."																																				awww __im 12 and u helped me rn																																				my eating disorder was leading to suicidal thoughts but even if now i'm still just as bad it is nice to see a video like this.																																				we still love you, no matter what you look like. you're a beautiful person inside and out. *trying not to be creepy																																				You got this!																																				I just took a trip to California. And since I was go go go for five whole days	 I didn't really eat too much. I noticed that even though I was on my period and bloated	 my stomach was still flat and I liked it. Since I've gotten back	 I've been waiting until I was basically starving and then eat everything in sight. I'm now sitting in my room trying to convince myself not to go down this path and my stomach is in so much pain from eating so much a few hours ago. I have anxiety and I compare myself to everyone. I know it's awful but I find myself crying because I hate myself and the way I look. I'm trying so hard. I've placed alarms to eat and certain things to eat at certain times to keep myself from binging. Shit. I never even admitted that I have started to binge eat but I guess I have. I really hope I can stay away from the path that many others that have gone down.																																	I live with a eating disorder too																																				Gabbie is so pretty																																				i'm in the thick of a (maybe) eating disorder	 i have signs of anorexia	 but i'm right in the middle of it and nothing anyone says to me has changed my mindset. all i want to do is see the number on the scale drop more and more. i am currently 103.5 lbs and i've dropped 5 pounds in one week. i'm scared of myself	 but this is the one thing that i can control in my life and i'm taking full advantage of it. everything else is falling apart but at least i can control my weight.																																	Idk why but the song at the end just made me burst out in tears....																																				"people look at me and say ""no way she has an eating disorder she's so big"""																																				She is so pretty	 your not fat at all!																																			Gabbie Is My Goal Of Weight.																																				People who call you fat are dumb because I have never ever seen you as fat if any thing you are like a perfect size :) Big fan																																				I have been told I have an eating disorder. it is hard. I am not skinny.... but not fat either. anyone who looks at me probably thinks I am normal. I am underweight	 and I now have to gain weight to get better. but gaining weight isn't going to fix me mentally. if u r going through an eating disorder u can be mended	 just like I am being mended right now. It is hard sure	 but it is affecting not only my life but my family to.																																	I freak out because I have ~disordered eating~ (not professionally diagnosed or anything) but I'm pretty sure my body is in survival mode because I haven't lost a lot of weight in a while and I don't know how to fix it. I excersize normally and stuff. How do I fix it and start losing weight again? I lost like 50 pounds but I'm stuck at a plateau.																																				Thank you for making this video.																																				Well I feel like ugly every single day and feel like a human trash being																																				Love you in long brown hair you're so beautiful																																				gabbie thank you. when I was in grade school I got called fat	 ugly and chubby	even though I wasn't. throughout all of grade 9 I wouldn't eat lunch	 then I wouldn't eat breakfast and then it finally gotten to the point where I would not eat breakfast so nothing through the day but sometime I would have maybe breakfast but most of the time not. I fainted 3 times and went to the hospital each. they said it was from malnutrition and they did a test where they hooked me up to a machine that tracks my heart rate and they wanted me to stand. they told me that when I went to stand up my heart rate was so fast they were suprised I'm awake. my heart was working to keep the energy throughout my body so I could stand. this video is so inspiring and I'm very healthy now...thank you.																																	you are so strong ____																																				about the part where she waited by a trash can	 I remember a video where she said her and her siblings chewed but didn't swallow anything they didn't want to eat and then spit it out in the trash can or outside... do you think this could have put something in her head?																																			But Gabbie your really really skinny like really skinny and very pretty also nice too																																				I personally think that if I lived by myself	 I would die. I would starve to death. I really would. And that scares me.																																			Gabble your so great . This video literally made me cry 	 love young Gab_____																																			Your so fricken strong																																				"@thegabbieshow i was just looking on the internet on how to lose weight when your video came up. im sitting here in my bed just about in tears but i want to say thank you. the sentence ""comparison is the root of all evils and killer of happiness"" but my in tears. thank you gabbie just thank you so much! you honestly dont know my thoughts going through my head right now. thank you thank you Thank You. please stay strong!"																																				I'm back here watching this again after almost a year. I just want to say thank you so much for this video and being real it helped me get back on my feet and start eating again. I'm living now bro thanks. _																																				Anyone who reads this	 your beautiful. <3																																			I'm normal weight for my age (im twelve) but feel sick at night when I eat after like 3 pm. Pain killers don't help anything	 I feel like I have to puke all night but never do. I don't know what to do	 or if I should be worried about it. I skip meals a lot	 usually I eat like 1 meal and snack a bit during the day. My friends are trying to help	 but I'm scared to tell my parents.I always feel fat	 but according to my friends I'm not. Should I be worried? What do I do? What are the risks/possibilities? I'm really scared	 this has been going on for around two weeks. Please help me.																														I have endos which is a form of an eating disorder and this made me feel much better. I've been told I was fat	 and always got my food taken away sat school. This helps me. It made me cry. I'm still really struggling with it because of my insecurities from surgery and my ileostomy.																																			I weigh 220 lbs and in only 13. half of my weight was put on with comfort eating and depression. now I can't look at mirrors I didn't want to hear what people were calling me I mostly am locked up in my home and haven't eatin in 2 weeks beside drink tons of water....i feel like complete shit..																																				"I can relate to having every thought surrounding your weight and being conscious about what you ""carry"" with you. Even sometimes when I feel like i don't weight that much (and people confirmed that I'm not a mountain of a person or anything) I start second guessing myself because some people always think you're fat, even if you only have 2 pounds too much. The worst thing is, I know I can do better because I did in the past, but I'm just in a generally bad spot in life right now and I just can not care about my weight when I have these other massive things taking up my mind."																																				Okay all these comments are so serious but as a brit I thought she meant ACTUAL goldfish not the crackers																																				ilysm gabbie dont listen to those dumies																																				I'm on holidays and my mum bought a box of musli bars there are eight in there theses weren't the chocolate ones they were these health nutritionist bars and in four days I ate the whole box now my mum is speaking to me about being fat over that personally I don't think I'm a fat person be usage I'm comfortable with my body and I can wear a bikini without affecting people but like u said I can no longer keep food down I don't know what to do I don't want pity I want advice																																				"I know that this probably won't make a difference with all of your subscribers saying you're not fat but u aren't and I remember this one video where David said ""I don't call u fat because you're fat i call u fat because u think you're fat"" I truly and honestly don't think u r fat I feel like if I was in your position I wouldn't be able to make it through the tough times and I feel like I weigh a lot for my age I am only ten and I know that being obese can effect u physically and put u in danger u will inspire me to lose the weight I need to lose and I know I made it sound like this but I am not scientifically considered obese but I am not skinny and I don't ever want to be to the point where I have to lose this weight or i will be in danger lose this weight because I am in danger thank you just thank you because listening to your story makes me feel like I can do it"																																				This is really nice and true. All body types are okay as long as you are being HEALTHY. If being healthy is being bigger or thicker than other people	 that's fine. Working out is healthy and the best way to lose weight	 and after you get over the pain and the hard work aspect it's actually very rewarding. Short term pain and hard work for long term happiness is working out	 and short term happiness for long term self hatred is being unhealthy. And you don't know	 maybe you'll actually like dieting or working out if you've never tried it																																This made me go out and eat a dinner with my family. I've only had 100 calories today and after this	 I've realized how this is really bad for my body.																																			So there was this play at school and i had to wear a dress and my family was there and i felt beautiful and good about myself but when i went home and i watched the videos of myself i burst into tears in front of my family because i looked like a whale and i hated it. So i decided to workout and eat right so hopefully things get better																																				this really hit home lol																																				wow this hit me																																				I didn't even expect this	 but this hit me hard. Im literally in tears__																																			"Iam self conscious about my weight, my parents would say ""do you wanna be anorexic!? You're too skinny, and I ate alot everyday, I keep eating alot and I'm loosing weight everyday, I'm trying not to so bad, I'm being lazy and I don't have any energy, I'm light headed everytime I stand up, I get head aches every day, and I'm not sure what kind of stuff to eat, at all, so can someone please recommend some foods I should eat that's healthy please. it would help alot, iam 5'2 and 98lbs"																																				This. Helped me.																																				gabby you are so amazing if people say your fat dont listen to them your are perfect you are no were near fat people are all built different i hope this makes u worry less but I do mean every single word I said																																				This is so inspiring	 thank you for sharing your story. You have a beautiful body and I'm so happy you're making healthier choices(:																																			"""Your before photo might be somebody's goal photo"" - Gabbie____"																																				Gabbie	 I had no idea you struggled with this. I just want to tel you that I have always looked at you as funny	 sweet	 and skinny. I never once even had the slightest that you were anything close to overweight. You are an amazing person	 and you are right	 you never really know what someone is going through.																															I get invited out by friends and I can't go. I'm so self conscious but I don't have money for therapy and I would love to go.																																				i don't even know if i have an eating disorder. sometimes i'll eat a shit ton of food and then just not eat. sometimes i'll skip lunch or breakfast because i honestly don't like my body very much and i kinda think it'll help. i don't really understand it. can anyone help?																																				I'm crying. For five years of my life, I have struggled with bulimia and can't even think about food without immediately reverting to 'you can't, you're ugly, grotesque, fat, gross'. For years, I've been told I'm the fat girl, the ugly girl, the 'if you could lose some of that weight you'd be so pretty!' girl. I eat one meal, usually an apple, and immediately off I go. I'm trying to get better, slowly, but my anxiety and depression keep pulling me down. My body can't handle food anymore, I throw up on reflex. One year ago today, I tried to commit suicide with pills. Today, I watch this video and vow to get better, to cry about it with my best friend and with you, the guys I believe I can talk to. Today, I will ask for a therapist, ask for help. Soon, (maybe next year or the year after, maybe next month or September) I will be living a more normal life and being a teenage girl. I just need support.																																				This doesn't relate too much to this video	 but I'm eleven years old and I'm around 104-111 lbs and I'm not that tall either	 I'm like 4'10 ish. I'm healthy and also a gymnast... is this bad?																																		Thank you gabbie this really helped cause I have some eating disorders and I would do that same thing when I would just stand over the trash can when I'm chewing food to just spit it out if you read this it has gotten better and your an inspiration to all																																				You are so beautiful be yourself please __																																				could you please make a more in-depth video about the details o your eating disorderr?																																				Pls do more videos about your journey pls__I feel so related __																																				worry about your health	 not your weight!!!																																			she seamd like she was sad in the first part																																				this just opened my eyes and made me realize so many things about myself that i refused to believe. //:																																				"13 years old, 5""6, and 124 pounds. I have friends that tell me I'm so skinny and I still don't believe them. No matter how many videos or things I read, my perspective about myself has never changed. I think my weight and my general appearance bothers me the most out of anything to the point where I will be up a 2am having a panic attack thinking I'm worthless. My ""friends"" will tell me I'm skinny for a ""curvy"" girl and then criticize my food choices the next day. I remember eating pizza at lunch and the girls next to me were talking about another ""fat"" girl in our class that weighed about 130 pounds. I had to force myself to swallow the bite of pizza I was eating and I didn't eat anything else the rest of the day. I still starve myself to this day for a few days, maybe eating a ""meal"" in that span of time. Anyways, I still fucking hate myself. yay."																																				"I recently developed an eating disorder, & honestly, it's fucking hard to stop. I've been around 118 lbs (healthy for my height) for a few years now and I am now down to 102 in a matter of 3 months. I don't even get hungry anymore, and all I ever crave is salty food like ramen noodles. I forget to eat because I feel no drive to eat, & when I do I feel guilty for putting on the weight even though I know it's good for me. The easy answer is ""just eat something"", but it's like something in me is repelling food even though I know this isn't healthy and I want to stop. I don't even want to look this skinny, I hate my thin arms. It sucks, & it's more difficult than it seems."																																				I am a skinny kid but there are skinnier people who tell me I'm not good enough or would say I'm fat. As a kid its hard to live with but I feel like watching you makes me realize no one is perfect and we are all different in our own ways																																				Body dysmorphia. I struggle with that a bit too.																																				She ate a goldfish?																																				I'm one month binge purge free																																				Does anyone leave one or two bites but don't know why? Like I don't have an eating disorder but I can never get that last bite.																																				You gained some weight at some point and it made you feel uncomfortable. That doesn't mean you had an eating disorder. You know using the term eating disorder people think about people with anorexia or bulimia who are dangerously skinny and can barely function or support their own weight. Your story doesn't make sense	 if you were diagnosed with an eating disorder than you could tell us what it was. It's ok to gain some weight	 it's not ok to mislead people like this and use such a sensitive topic for attention. So you thought you were fat and you want everyone to feel sorry for you.																																		"Your story makes absolutely no sense. Fat people don't starve themselves or spit out food. If you were heavier in the past you couldn't have been that overweight. Eating more than usual and not eating healthy does not mean you have an eating disorder. Calling yourself fat is not a disorder. You can't specify what disorder you had even though between your therapist and doctor you would have been examined, diagnosed and given a treatment plan. You just claim that ""you've had eating disorders for years"" So why can't you name any of the actual eating disorders that people suffer from? If you've been making videos for years wouldn't your fans have noticed any drastic changes in your weight? I think you're knowingly misleading people to make them feel sorry for you. You know that when people click on this video and you mention eating disorders they're thinking about people with anorexia or bulimia who are dangerously skinny. You're just using this topic for attention."																																				Yeah comparison really is a fucked up thing	 i used to be fat	 then i got thin	 but i didnt know it	 i still had full conviction that i was fat	 because the size of my pants would be bigger than it was before	 or than most girls sizes	 when in reality i just have a gene for a bit larger thighs. And then i got tired of the stress it is to be working to get thin all of the time (when i should just be eating regularly and doing a bit of normal exercise)	 that i stopped everything and gained 22 kg	 now i look at my old pics and only now i can realise how thin i actually was. Sad																											"i feel like i do have an eating disorder, i really have to get this off my chest. - before, i use to be 95 around 8th grade. this was my first year of highschool (2016) as a freshman. ive gained 61 pounds. and i feel so fat. sometimes i look at myself and say, ' wow, i look like woman beginning to develop a baby. ' soon enough i started thinking that i was pregnant when i really am not. ( its obvious to me because ive never had sex ) about two weeks ago, i figured out i have anxiety, which lead me to figuring out i have asthma. i battle with people saying stuff about me everywhere and now im really being psychopathic. thinking about people i know dying in the worst way possible. my body cannot handle bullshit anymore, if anyone told me i was 'fat', ' ugly', 'stupid' (etc) my body reacts with throwing up what i ate. im still struggling and i listen to your stories. - my boyfriend went to vidcon on june 21st, 17, and is planning to stay there till sat/sun. and i asked him to give you my number or instagram because i have so many storys to tell and want to share with you. thank you so much for your stories. my instagram; @suicidley or @catsbye"																																				I've never thought Gabbie was fat. I love her and I'd love her even if she was.																																				Comparison is the route to all evil and the killer of happiness																																				GABBIE I CAN'T EXPRESS HOW MUCH THIS VIDEO HELPED ME																																				"I was eating a dove chocolate while watching this and the quote on it said ""make all food finger food"" _________"																																				Oh my god gabbie where have you been all my life... This video is literally everything . I love you i appreciate you and i respect you ____ i'm 16 and i'm struggling .. I never go places or hang out with my friends ( old friends cuz now i'm lonely af) .. I need someome who had forced the same problem because people around me were calling me fat all these years until i became insecure so they're telling me that i'm medium .. oh gosh.. The way you talk is just the sweetest ever __ you're so pretty and successful and you're such a role model ( and a hot model too) I'm not kidding because i know what fake complements do to people with anxiety .. All that i said was deep from my heart __																																				"I still struggle with this, actually I'm struggling with this right now. I eat one full meal each day. Which is my school meal, I'm still in primary school in year 6 so I eat only half of my school lunch that my school provides me with and I don't have dessert and for the rest of the day I just eat like toast with peanut butter and maybe some fruit to pass the time. I VERY rarely have breakfast and I barely eat up to 2000 calories a day, I eat less than 1300. If you see my search history all you will see is me asking google how many calories a food is or workouts to loose over 1000 calories so I can do them every day and loose weight. I obsess over my body being thin. I have a big bum and Im proud of it but some days I just really wish I was thin enough. I always check the carbs, fat, sugar and salt bar of foods before eating them. If the fat box is red I don't eat the food unless I haven't eaten anything that day and it's the afternoon or I feel like treating myself. I also try to only eat food between 12-8pm because I feel very tired after 8 for some reason and I don't want to go to sleep on a full stomach so that I get more sleep time. My weight is normal for an 11 year old girl who is 4""11. I weight 75lbs (35kg I think unless google is really stupid and can't turn kilos into pounds). I still don't know if what I'm doing is too bad and I'm scared I might develop an eating disorder but then again I can't do anything about it until I know."																																				Anorexic mind	 anxiety controlled life and a negative lifestyle. Welcome to my life.																																			thank you for this video. I am working through an eating disorder I dropped from 120 to 95 pounds in a chores of 4 months. Eating disorders are in my family and eating and food was the most important thing in my life. Thank You:)																																				You can tell this was painful to make. Looking back I can tell how far you have grown and I'm proud. Keep fighting and stay strong																																				You keep being strong girl! thank you for using your influence to tell other young girls about real life problems that a lot of us face or have faced in the past. You are an inspiration and you keep on keeping on! xoxoxo																																				You should have partnered with story booth																																				all u shit heads calling her fat u are stupid because she is not fat love u gabbie																																				I've gone running today and watched your videos. Thats literally all i've done all day. I have a severe anxiety disorder and some days are just like this. Some days all i can do is sit in front of my laptop and try to make myself laugh. Thank you for the encouragement and openness in this video and the laughs you gave me from all of your others <3 You're wonderful																																				Gabbie and anyone reading this you are beautiful and worth it the demons don't have to win stay strong loves I myself struggle with feeling like I'm too fat or not pretty enough but it comes and goes some days I feel really confident and beautiful and other i keep my sweatshirt on all day to hide my stomach but no matter what I always have people around me to make me feel happy and beautiful you don't need the approval of others to feel beautiful most times I don't but sometimes its okay to lean on people for support always keep fighting I know I will i have never had an eating disorder so I don't know how it feels but I have felt fat I have felt like I was kind of worthless and I know for a fact that everything gets better the future is bright and full of laughter and happiness ______																																				If you or someone you love has an eating disorder please call. National Eating Disorders Association Information and Referral Helpline. Call: 1-800-931-2237 Have a great day people!																																				I love seeing this side of you not just the funny happy side but the serious amazing loving and a kind of honest that's different than any other honesty______																																				Gabbie this video really helped me thank you. <333																																				"I have ednos.... and I JUST found that out... and I've been having this ever since I first got depression back in 2011... I'm just shocked.. I've been ""sick"" and I didn't even know it. Like gabbie said.. it's so weird.."																																				I went to anorexia camp for 3 years																																				Can u make a vid about your journey																																				can u make more videos on this_																																				I am so glad you made this video. I am 11 and have had an eating disorder went to therapy and went through and struggled with self harm and felt alone. You are perfect to me. If I had your body I would be so happy. I always struggled with friends because I don't trust people and watching you with your amazing personality and body how you could be insecure. Then I realized you are human and you go through normal human things. So thank you for not letting me or anyone else feel alone.																																				what sicko would thumbs down this video. she is pouring her heart out and then you thumbs down this video?? like wtf is wrong with u di*ks. Go f urself																																				Fat	 not fat	 ok	 not ok: I am glad to know you. And if you ever need a hand from a random dude on the internet I'd love to help. We all have our struggles and all we can do is be there for one another. So thanks for being here for us. You're an amazing person	 so thank you.																																This was posted on my birthday.... I feel really sad that people go through this. If anything like this ever happens to you	 just know that you are not alone.																																			I am currently battling with an eating disorder. I'm kinda in the not so dangerous bit right now weight wise but I think people who are going through the same things as me would understand that these kinds of things really effect your mental state A LOT. to see a video like this has inspired me to stay strong and remember that I will find a light at the end of the tunnel because if gabbie can do it	 than that's enough of a reason for me to try.																																			videos like this are amazing	 they make me feel like I'm not alone. if you Gabbie	 my role model have had an eating disorder	 then maybe it's human for me too. thank you so much	 I needed this so much.																																"This video is me. I used a calorie counter and realised I only eat 500-800 calories a day. I do sports everyday for at least 30 minutes and do heavy cardio exercises, and I couldn't take the weight off. I wasn't able to because my body was in ""survival mode."" I watched this video and realised I also do this, that I thought I was healthy just really fat. Everyone around me says I am not fat just a little extra in some places, but when I look at myself, I ask ""who would ever love me?"" ""Why am I so big?"" ""Where did I go wrong?"" Thank you Gabbie for telling me something that I also thought I didn't have, because no way, right?"																																				I have an eating disorder	 not the way most people have them. I just compulsively eat... Constantly. Carbs	 sugar	 for comfort and no one knows. All lunch period	 I spend eating	 constantly. I never stop	 I just eat without ever getting full and when I do get full	 I eat in five seconds again.																													You are not fat. You are gorgeous																																				Thank you helping the people how follow you and how may have a eating disorder.																																				Yep	 Ive never struggled with food but I was always sad about how I looked for most of my life and Im only just starting highschool. Even in elementary I thought I was fat because I compared myself to other kids and they were all skinny... I even refused to sit on Santas lap because I thought I was to heavy and he couldnt handle my weight... Im starting to accept myself more but there will always be something Im insecure about																																			why are people calling you fat? seriously, you look like a perfect weight																																				so fucking proud of her.																																				This is off topic but she looks sunburnt																																				i love the way you speak about this <3 makes a lot of People	 including me	 feel better <3																																		"And I'm over here like, ""wait, so it's NOT normal to consume 7,000 calories a day?!? Oops ______ love ya SOO much gabbie, be yourself__"																																				I currently am going through recovery of an eating disorder and it really helped me																																				"a year and a half ago I moved and started a lot of new jobs (4 days a week nannying during the day, babysitting&dogsitting all other hours.) My sister hooked me up with the families but she was giving me way too much. I was so stressed out every second of the day, I could barley swallow anything. New people make me so nervous, I was around families all day that I barley knew. I love kids&dogs, it's figuring out how to please the adults (priorities are ordered so differently in different families) that makes me a nervous wreak. I couldn't even sleep in peace because the first week I was back I had to sleepover at a house to get the kids ready for school in the morning (parents on vaca.) I went from 105lbs at 5'2"" to 88lbs over that first year. I thought I would get used to it, I needed money and so many people were relying on me by that point. I couldn't get down more than 800 calories a day, almost all with-in the couple hours I was home. I was just to exhausted&stressed everywhere I went, lost any appetite I got so quickly. I would try to eat lunch with the kids and they would constantly need me to get something. I felt like I was taking care of everything except myself and my home. My drive to do so was running out. I had to start turning down jobs, got in fights with my sister over it since she manages a similar lifestyle... Finally I'm 97lbs, it's been months of slow progress being able to eat normally again. I never wanted to lose weight. I just wanted to make enough money to have some leftover, now I'm almost paycheck to paycheck but at least I can feel peace again."																																				go gabby! i really needed this. You're amazing_																																				I wish you didn't have to go through this stuff because you are beautiful and absolutely amazing and so inspiring																																				"This is so weird. I eat very irregularly and I weigh so much and I thought, ""im so far there is no way I have an eating disorder"" but I'm starting to think I might have one. Maybe o should see a doctor."																																				__																																				"""stand by a trash can"" OMG GUYS GABBIE STOOD BY ME"																																				this made me want to eat today thank you gabbie I love you																																				My brother has a eating disorder																																				That meant so much to me I'm not like the fattest person in the world but I always feel like I'm fat and you saying that just like me my day and realize that I'm not as fat as I think I was__																																				eats ice cream while watching this																																				Anyone else with BDD? So I don't feel alone?______																																				I'm only eating 0 or 200 calories each day																																				It okay I have anxiety to but I don't have a eating disorder it a different kind of anxiety by the way iLY																																				I also have a eating disorder to... ur not alone																																				I know that this is an old video but I really really love it you have helped me learn to love myself and in the 10+ years I have been going to an actual therapist none of them have been able to make me see that there is nothing wrong with loving yourself...this video made me cry actual tears and helped me realize that like you said the size of my pants doesn't matter it's how healthy I am! Thank you soooo much Gabbie! I love you for real! ____________																																				"This video honestly helped me so much, I actually have been worrying about my weight, a lot. I've basically planned my entire summer around excercising and eating so that I can loose weight. And it hurts because my family actually didn't realize how much it effects me. And they make fun of me for it, because they don't realize that it pains me what I weigh. Including my dad asking how much I weigh, and saying ""eh, you probably don't want to gain anymore weight"" and I'm freaking 14! I don't have an ""eating disorder"", I eat, probably too much actually, but to make up for that, all I think about it loosing weight. But knowing you've gotten through something similar really helps and gives me a new perspective."																																				gabbie u are beautiful no one has to change there looks or there body 	yes u get hate of how u look 	ur nose or whatever but true beauty doesn't come within the looks it comes within the imagination don't care if ur the fattest in ur class or the thinnest cuz size never matter its just the mind set or <3 set																																		Thank you so much for sharing this gabbie	 I think it was hard for you. This helped me.																																			I'm so late but I can relate to this in so many levels	 I just binged 1	000 calories right now. I'm such a failure																																		This helps me__																																				You look chubby to me																																				Dear Gabbie	 I think that you are such an amazing	 inspiring person. I love all of your videos you make. You have helped me get through so much. Thank you and please always stay this way.																																		Please do an in depth video! <3																																				so	 I'm only eleven years old and I have been judging myself for as long as I can remember. I eat so much. I get so embarrassed to eat food in front of people. I am always weighting my self. I don't like to showing off my body.(bikinis and skinny shirts) so I did the same thing as gabbie did. I stopped eating altogether. I got upset at all my family members and friends. so finally	 my friends sat me down and talked to me. I knew I needed to eat. I needed to eat even more because I do quite a few sports. gymnastics and softball and wrestling. I got into such a slump that I wasn't sleeping right	 grades dropped dramatically	 and I never had any energy. it was bad. I watched this video and I started crying because I didn't know that there were people like me. I am doing great now. I am eating full meals. I am level 8 in gymnastics	 best catcher on my softball team	 and 1st place district champion in wrestling. this video inspired me and probably so many other people in the world. if it wasn't for this video	 I would've killed myself. thank you soooo much gabbie.																													"I love this. Comparison is everything. I used to struggle with eating disorders like crazy and i still have those thoughts sometimes but im getting better. I always tell myself that im not good enough and this gave me a sense of control. hearing people tell me that im getting skinnier or that i was tiny make me feel so much better about myself but seeing someone smaller than me could bring the thoughts right back. its hard but you just have to learn and remind yourself that all that matters is youre healthy and you are your own person. ""Be the best you can be and try to be healthy."""																																				I'm late	 but here it goes. My eating disorder only started early this year. It started off by me and my friend dieting. We wanted to eat less. Eventually that dieting turned into purging. I had stopped purging for a few months	 but had relapsed in April. From then on	 I purged at least 1-6 times a week. Now I'm falling into I guess more Anorexic habits	 because I'm starting to count calories much more	 and I'm restricting to 1000 calories or less on most days	 and fasting at least once a week. I also am going to start working out. I want help	 but I don't. I have so many problems	 I feel like being thin will solve so many things. I just look at other girls who are thin	 and rage with envy. Why can't I be beautiful?																											I'm very sorry that that happened																																				I'm probably the only girl in school that doesn't give a fuck about weight lmao. I'm not fat	 nor skinny. I just legit don't give a fuck. x.x																																			"It's really hard though, when all of my friends are REALLY skinny and I'm over weight. And it's the worst when people in my house are calling me fat and ugly. "" Your voice makes my ears bleed."" ""Wow, I'm surprised you could fit through the door."" Or there's my favorite, ""Shut up you ugly b**, you don't need the calories anyway."" Thank you for this Gabbie. Thank you SO much. And I'm really sorry about the way you've thought about yourself for so long. You're one of my favorite people. You're so inspiring, and you've always put me in a better after watching your videos. Keep your head up high, you can do it."																																				I don't have an eating disorder but I am sorta obsessed with my body. I want slim down. I have a ton of muscle that makes me look bigger and it's really annoying. And worrying seem the only thing I can do.																																				Recovering from an eating disorder is so very hard. I'm still fighting with myself to accept my body and my weight. I personally don't tell really anyone. A lot of people think if you tell others your faking it. I still hide it from my family. I remember one time while I was with one guy I told him I think I have an eating disorder and he told me I didn't. That's the worse thing you can say to someone who has or thinks they have a problem. If you are told you don't have a problem then that's what you believe especially when you have those problems. Gabbie you did a great job with this video.																																				Ok so I've had an eating disorder for 2 years now and I went to treatment center last summer. I was doing so good this past year and now I'm falling back into my old ways. I already lost 6 pounds in a short amount of time but I'm too afraid to tell my parents about it																																				tell us more!!! i relate so hard to your eating disorder																																				Hey. It would be cool if you could talk about it in more detail. Still a great video! I'm sorry you have an eating disorder. I know it's hard. I can relate a lot to this video.																																				would KILL to have your body! Been working on it	 but still not here. You are GORGEOUS. #goals.																																			My whole life I've been rly thin but since puberty hit me I gained some weight. 1 year ago i realized that and i tried to lose weight. I was like 48 kilos and I went to 41. Food was all I could think about. My parents are very concerned and they worry I have some kind of disorder I also went to a doctor who told me to eat more but I'm not happy with that. I don't think anyone will notice that but I need help. I need a psychologist																																				Can.... I....... Have........ You....... Never mind..........																																				"this year i developed anorexia... in my mind i looked at myself as fat and that i needed to lose weight. but i was so so skinnier than i thought.. its gotten to the point we're my body physically wouldnt let me eat anything, and i just cried at how my mind and demons had so much control over my actions. my demons hate me, i hate me, my body hates me, i thought i couldn't be any more fucked up but no my mind said that being suicidal and having panic attacks wasnt enough pain i could go though. the saddest thing that really got to me, was when my friend called herself fat and i asked ""would you rather be anorexic?"" and she said yes... i just replied ""no you wouldn't.. "" but the worst thing for me is to have the courage and to have control over my mind and body to eat, i cant even look in the mirror naked without crying over how my hip bones have become more defined..... depression, suicide, bullying, anxiety, panic attacks, and anorexia.. why cant they let me be normal?"																																				I just wanted to ask	 did you have bulimia nervosa or anerexia nervosa?																																			Can you please make more videos like this?																																				Thank you so much for this in primary I used to be called 'Fat' It hurt it me	 a lot __ so I started to starve my self and i would do what you would do I would eat a lot one day then not eat hardly anything the next few days it was until this girl same age as me came up to me and OMG how is body so amazing! And I said nothing then after I didn't say anything I think she realised what I was doing and said 'Don't so it your beautiful' ever since that day I've stopped																																			I'm a 5'3 12 year old girl that weighs about 121 pounds. I honestly hate my weight but I can't find myself to eat healthy foods	 because I'm surrounded by junk. I feel so fat and I hate it																																			I watch this from time to time to convince myself I'm not what I think I look like. And that either way	 I should be confident about myself. I'm currently 5'3 and 110 pounds. I've gained 6 pounds a few months after trying to recover from bulimia. But I doubt I can do it																																			You are so inspiring____																																				hope u die bitch																																				God I needed this																																				My best friends are amazing! They are perfect in most ways! They have helped me through my whole life since I was little and I hope they stay in my life forever__ they are all thin and I'm quite fat. They often made small comments about my weights and I don't think they realised how much they have built up. I started last week to work out and I eat less! (still eating properly tho) and I checked my weight again today and I have lost 3 pounds! You can't really tell cause it's not a lot of weight but it's motivated me to carry on! (In consideration of course__) and before u say they aren't true friends if they do that then you are wrong. Because no one is perfect and they definitely didn't mean to hurt me!																																				U got a big cute nose ____																																				This is so fake. She is fake.																																				This video made me cry. Body issues are so real in my life. It's so hard. And this video really hit home to me!! Gabbie is a god sent!																																				I have that__																																				She's such an inspiring person I'm so happy to have seen this video because this has really helped me thank you for this!																																				Pls put out a vid about your eating disorder in more depth xx																																				I'm 32 this year and this video really gave me alot of motivation to just be comfortable in my own skin. Thank you for being you!!!!!																																				Thank you Gabbie	 I love this video and I always watch this video when I'm feeling low x																																			Her brows look really good																																				Sorry if this offends anyone	 but I wish I had anorexia so I wouldn't eat much/anything																																			it's not about losing weight	 it's about gaining confidence																																			"""that just took me by surprise, that anybody would look at me and say 'wow I wish I had her body' because I've never wanted my body before."""																																				its ok gabbie your not fat if u look up fat people on google there will be people much bigger than you are if someone tells you your fat or worthless	 dont believe them let it roll off your back you have so much going for you	 you are a great person you will never read this but you are amazing dont ever stop doing what you love.																																		I had this same eating disorder and it sucked but I'm so glad that I finally got over it																																				 DUH!	"Gabbie u r SO gorgeous OMG!! This has helped me so much I am really inspired by this as I have always been a ""medium"" size but in my mind I feel REALLY fat!! All of my friends r a lot smaller and skinnier than me and I just feel really big and bloated around them even tho they always tell me how they LOVE my body!! ______ I feel really self conscious when I talk to boys or if I c someone checking me out I'll suck in and push my butt out!! Bc I feel the only good thing my weight has impacted is my ass______ gabbie u truely have inspired me so so much !! Love u bby __"																																			i actually do want a more deep version with more details if you wouldn't be to uncomfortable doing it. I feel so less alone when I know that one of my favorite youtubers actually went through something that I'm going through right now...																																				Gabbie	 you are beautiful.																																			ilysfm_																																				how old were you when you noticed you had an eating disorder?																																				In 6th grade I was on the verge of having an eating disorder and the thing that kinda broke get me back to reality was the thought that what is the point of being skinny if you can't enjoy life and eat good food																																				I realize that only a few people may see this, but I just need to get it off my chest somehow. I've never been considered skinny. I've always seen myself as too fat, not being able to fit into clothes because all of the weight that I've gained over 14 years has gone straight to my stomach. Whenever I make dresses or shirts for myself, I have to go to the extra effort of trying to figure out how to get the 33-inch waist large to fit my 37-inch waist, while the rest of the pattern still fitting my bust and hips. Trying to find clothes is a hassle because nothing fits quite right and I'm too ashamed of myself to be a little more chunky in some places. I grew up always being told by doctors that I needed to lose weight, by my mom that she was ashamed to be around me because I was too fat, and by my brother's constant bullying of my weight. I was in dance for 11 years, and while it kept my weight gain to a minimum, it wasn't really doing me any favors. I quit after all that time because I finally gave in and believed all the times that my mom told me how terrible I was. Everything I did started coming back to my weight. It was affecting my grades, my social life, my self-esteem, everything. I ate little-to-nothing for weeks at a time and hardly lost anything. I altered my eating pattern to a diet and started working out at nothing was changing. It was infuriating to work and work and work and bust my ass to try and lose weight for months and see absolutely no change. I was alternating between starving and dieting, working out and being too depressed to do anything. I never reached out to anyone because I couldn't see that there were people around me dealing with the same problems that I had. When I turned 12, I was at 160 pounds. I would give so much to be back at 160 right now. At the time, I was fairly comfortable with my weight as I had pretty much just gone through puberty and my height was balancing out my weight. 2 years and 51 weeks later, I'm at 181 pounds and I feel terrible. Last week I broke 180 and I was mortified that my life had gotten so far out of control. I've been dieting and exercising and try my hardest to lose the weight and I've been mostly unsuccessful, but I have hope for myself. My story isn't anywhere close to being over. I hope that in 5 years, I'm going to look back on this period and realize how much better it has gotten.																																				I currently have an eating disorder.. but its still LITERALLY impossible not to eat a few chips when watching your videos	 so thank you Gabbie.																																			I don't know if I used to have an eating disorder before I was vegan I would calorie restrict to under 500 calories and go days without eating for a couple months but I don't if that's an earring disorder since I still ate sometimes																																				Who the fuck disliked this video?!																																				This is so inspiring																																				"watches as eating chocolate ""-try to be healthy"" me: FUCK"																																				gabbie all i can say is thank you.																																				i am fat...i hate it																																				I am so FAT	 and please don't stress over it....... you are doing great but you have done great I your health.... <3																																			OMG Gabbie ur so inspirational__																																				there was a point of my life where i wanted to be anorexic so bad =(																																				Growing up	 I've always been 20-30 pounds underweight. It wasn't that I didn't eat anything because	 I did. I ate unhealthy amounts of junk food. I just never gained weight. When I grew older and entered middle school	 guys wanted girls with curves. So	 I began bingeing as an attempt to gain weight. I never did. I gained some weight to my stomach and thighs	 and it made me really insecure even though	 I was the only one who could notice. I also have a naturally rounded belly. People would constantly tease me about it	 including my family. In my 8th grade year	 I began to see myself as fat. The weight for my age was 115 pounds	 and I naturally only weighed 96 pounds. I didn't weigh 96 cause I starved myself or anything	 I ate junk food every day	 and I only weighed 96 pounds. For some reason	 I felt fat. I just recently started to track my calories	 and I barely even eat anymore.																							I love you and I think your perfect!__																																				I love you Gabbie!!																																				When she said she saw a bowl of goldfish and ate them I legit thought she meant real goldfish....																																				"This video effected me so much. I'm 13 years old. I am 10 stone. I hate it. I can't stand it. I look in the mirror everyday and all I see are stretch marks and fat. I have always been 'chubby'. But that's just the I always have been. The past couple of years I have been called fat multiple times. There was on thing some girl said to me that really stuck was she said ""eww look at that jiggle"" whilst I was running in PE. And it's just always been that way. My own mum has fat shamed me almost everyday for that past 3 years. She tells me things like oh no one else in you classes are the same size as you. You REALLY need to loose weight. But I can't do it. I try and I try. But the more I try. The worse it gets. I've tried all the "" love yourself"" things and it never works. Never has. I don't know what to do bc I'm not happy with the way I am. I hate it. Like I said I can't look in mirrors. I play rugby and I'm scared if I loose weight I won't be able to play. But I want to loose weight so bad. I spend hours crying over it. If anyone has any advice please help me"																																				"""i was still fat because i did`nt eat, my body was holding on to the fat"" Yeah, cause anorexic people are so fat. Something is not right here Gabbie..."																																				I'm morbidly obese due to a tumor in my brain fucking up my hormones and making me gain weight. I used to be naturally thin and I'm now obese and get stared at. I've had eating disorder. Binging	 purging	 starving	 obsessing. Thank you so much for this																																	Very powerful. Would like to hear more of these videos.																																				I'm literally crying. This hits me because I struggle with stress eating. I am always stressed out over every single thing. Mostly school. I have good grades but the stress to get those good grades gives me the urge to eat and eat and it's so hard. People have told me that they wish they had my body but that's what they see with clothes. I see my self every night before I shower and the disappointment is terrible. Thank you so much for posting this. __																																				Gabbie you are amazing and such an inspiration. I know I'm late on commenting on this video but I'd love for you to go more in depth of how you are working through it and how you decided to start making healthier choices because I'm struggling with it and I would love to go into recovery but can't seem to figure out how to. I know you probably won't see this but if you do. :)																																				I love this. i just. This is amazing Gab __																																				I've had eating disorders	 and I never could come to terms with it. Thank you for making me realize that it's ok and normal	 because I've always cried myself to sleep saying this is why no one loves you	 you deserve this. Thanks for being you._																																	You are beautiful! Thank you for making this video because I am also self conscious about my body. seeing you make this video has definitely helped me a lot. Thank you again and keep up the good work cause your contact is awesome just make sure not to stress yourself																																				PLEASE make a another video on this!!! It helps me so much gabs :(																																				I am going through the same rn but i want to hear more about deep things!																																				I love you!																																				Wow Gabbie! Thank you so much for this story! This is an inspiration for me! Thank you so so much Gabbie! You are not fat! You are a unique person who IS skinny. I love you so much you are my inspiration.																																				This is still important																																				I cried really hard through this video because I relate to this and I have realized that I need help																																				soooo I pretty much know I have an eating disorder. but I don't want help for it. I do	 but I dont? I'm eating maybe around 600/800 cal a day and I workout sometimes but sometimes I have no energy to even workout. but on days when I'm eating more I workout more bc I have more energy but I feel really controlled by it. and I have a doctor's appointment coming up and I don't know if I want to tell her about it or keep it a secret until I get to the weight I'm happy with																																			Inspiring __																																				FUCK ALL OF U THAT COMMENT AND SAY GABBIE IS FAT. YOU ALL ARE VERY MEAN UGLY PEOPLE. she could have killed herself because of some of ur comments but luckily she is strong enough to pull through it and be stronger than that.																																				Better than my 1-400 calories a day...																																				The reason I hate my body is because my aunt told me when I was 10 to put my hands on my stomach like a pregnant woman and said doesn't she look pregnant and her saying that I later on developed social anxiety.																																				"I'm dealing with what might not be an eating disorder, but it's definitely not a good thing. Every single day, I say to myself, ""Alright, I'm not gonna eat any junk today. I'm gonna take a walk, ride my bike, I'm gonna eat some PINEAPPLES!!!"". The next day: sneaks into the kitchen and grabs a brownie I actually only just felt hunger for the first time last year XD."																																				Please talk more about this	 thank you for sharing																																			This won't change the way I think about myself but thanks for making me smile x																																				Omg u r so thin and pretty	 this inspired me and I hope someday I can have as much confidence as you__																																			I'm only 11 and I want some help from some comments for some reason when I am eating I feel full but I know I'm not so I stop eating and I'm less than 60 pounds and I'm going into middle school soon. Do I have an eating disorder or is there something else wrong with me? Can you guys help me? Oh and I also try to avoid eating as much as possible and my family is very concerned about my health. Please tell me if you know what I might have and how I might be able to fix it																																				"You know, some people I just look at and say, ""no matter how they look, they are beautiful people because their personality reflects it"". Gabbie is one of them."																																				I'm just glad she's happy and healthy																																				I am fat as fuck and guys at school tease me for having man boobs when I come back home I cry for hours and then I watch gabbie and I am ready to drop fuck bombs on those a holes																																				Gabbie don't listen to the haters u are skinny																																				This is one of the many reasons why I love Gabbie. She is so loving and beautiful and she truly understands everyone. She has her own struggles and she shares them with us to make us feel beautiful. We are all beautiful human beings	 no matter what size	 age	 race or height we are. we just have to be kind to each other and see the beauty within																																	___																																				#GabrielleHannahForPrez																																				you ate goldfish?																																				no gabby if you are not telling me that you are not naturally skinny you do have a eating disorder its ok i tgink i might have one too becausd when im hungry i dont wanna eat bc i think im fat but i try to eat																																				thank you Gabbie.																																				"I am naturally skinnier, and once my friend was like, ""Do you diet, or what?"" and I was like, ""Have you ever seen me with a chocolate bar? Because if you have, you would know that I'm NOT on a diet."""																																				Gabbie I know i dont know you personally but I can already tell you are a good person dont let anybody tell you different but remember if your thighs touch your closer to being a mermaid																																				Everyone that thinks they are fat	 you aren't. You are beautiful no matter what. Beauty is in the eye of the beholder. Im fluffy and proud. I had gallbladder surgery and pancreatitis...I didn't eat for a year...the only things that were keeping me alive was water	 bread and gum.																																		Your such a beautiful girl... you probably wont see this but you dont need to try to impress anyone except urself gabbie!!																																				thank you so much Gabbie	 I have been struggling with self confidence and eating for a while and just to hear that someone else can go through the same thing and come out the other side (not that it ever really is 'over') is truly inspirational. Stay strong!																																			This really helped me get over being me :)																																				I have anorexia and I'm 11.																																				"I hate when gabbie calls herself fat.Cause shes not the ""fat"" thats clinging to her stomach isnt fat.Gabbie has such an amazing body and i wish before she appreciated it more.Ya know cause im writing this in 2017."																																				"ah the good old ""chew & spit"" i did that too for a period of time back when i couldn't live without the taste of something in my mouth. Now it's just the repeating cycle of fast for weeks, binge for a day, get depressed and exercise for hours a day without eating. no one has really figured it out since i wasn't already skinny when it started. it's the classic ""wear long sleeved hoodied to hide food in your pockets"" and ""cut the food up and move it around the plate"" yup. that's my life."																																				I have a eating disorder.The only thing that I think about is how to eat less and if I eat something that I shouldn't I will think about it all day.I want to be normal but I'm not.So please do a video for your journey maybe it will help me.__																																				I am twice recovered and not relapsing is an everyday struggle. no one is alone.																																				wow																																				Fat is a part of you. So are fingernails	 and hair	 and arms. Learning to love yourself is a struggle that takes hard work	 but never try and be someone you're not. Embrace yourself. Strive to be and feel healthy	 not skinny. They are two very different things.																																Will you make a journey video about your disorder? Thank you :)																																				I only recognised that I have an eating disorderÊgabbie	its really helped me to hear about this and know I'm not alone and that other people go through this.thx for the advice																																			Gabbie and everyone is so beautiful whatever shape and size they are																																				i love you Gabbie. i hope you're happy with your body because you're perfect and i hope you realise that!																																				I know this will just be lost in all the comments but thankyou so so much Gabbie	 this has helped me more than you will ever realise xxx																																			omg this is exactly what I do like right now																																				Gabbie	 I think you know this now but if not I hope you do	 but you are a beautiful young women.ÊPeople that hate are just jealous	 and you are NOT anything they say. I loveÊthat you use your platform to talk about such serious situations and it is really inspiring. Well done. -From one of your biggest fans.																																	"focus on your life and loving yourself. because a scale doesnt appericate your beautiful smile and body and personailty like real people do. i have told myself over 10 years that food was the devil. i kept telling myself ""stop! throw it up. its to much food."" youre going to be fat over and over again.. untill the point i had to be sent to the doctors for a mental problem and my balima. i just wanted to fit in. i didnt want to be the fat friend anymore. but after a couple of days in the hospital. i realized.. why should i care about what other people think of me? why should i take less calories, throw up my food to keep my everyones smile on there face when they look at me? fuvk that! so i started to attend kickboxing class, run every single day, i started to move a lot more, but the difference is i did this for me not the cute kid next to me in math class or my family or the mail man. this was my choice to make me healthier. my heaviest was 180 pounds. my lowest was 130. i am now 140 and i am okay with this. i do not need to be skinny. i just need to be happy."																																				Gabbie through every year since 2nd grade I have been bullied for no reason at all and then in 3rd grade this girl who goes by the letters S.K told me I was fat and ever since then I was sad and then I had a few friends move away until seventh grade at lunch my best friend comes up to me and says Alicia I'm sorry but I'm moving and then I ran upstairs into what a space in the school crying because of what she said and then she moved the summer I was going into 8th grade that was the year where everything came down on me I was getting bullied so bad that I started locking myself up into my room crying every night and I didn't want to go to school and now my 9th grade year where I get bullied even more where it got to the point where I started crying and leaving class and going to school within a school which is for special education kids and I just wanted to give up and the reason why I'm a special education kid is because of my ADHD which is attention deficit hyperactive disorder and me and my family found this out in 2nd grade but since 7th grade I have been watching your videos and u make me happy and now in lunch I don't eat as much because I don't like how chubby I am and now it got to the point where I only eat probably my sandwich and only my sandwich at lunch now and you showed me you should always care about how I look because I don't like how I look and now I do because of you so thank you so much.																																				your videos are always great.																																				love you gabbie																																				Gabbie you beautiful																																				this video touched my heart so much cause that is me!!!																																				at min 6 my eyes started watering																																				Earlier this year I battled with an eating disorder that I wasn't aware of and gabbie is one of the incredible people that helped me through it with messages like this. My whole life	 I've been called fat by people in my school	 strangers and a few times	 even my friends. So I started to cut down the calories that I was eating. My parents started to notice and were really concerned so I just told them I felt too sick to eat. It got to the point where I'd lost 8kg in less than a fortnight and I was admitted to hospital for starvation and dehydration. I was put on a drip to get some calories into me and I eventually was well enough to go home. I went to see a therapist and I'm now down to my perfect	 but still healthy weight. But I still see myself as fat. Because people have told me that so many times that it's so difficult to not believe them	 even now. So to anyone who thinks it's okay to body shame	 it's freaking not. My therapist thinks I'm going to hold onto this mindset until I'm an adult	 because of the insensitive assholes who convinced me I was fat. And to anyone who's going through any kind of disorder	 I promise you	 there's light at the end of the tunnel and it WILL get better. Just stay strong and keep hope	 because it won't always be like this. I promise.																										God I love this Gabbie. I deffiently feel like you did	 worry about food all day	 and worry about how many calories eat. And i've also learned that compairing yourself to others will only make things worse. I think your very pretty	 and have a very good body	 I don't think your fat at all. To all the people calling you fat are just insecure of themselves and their own body. You really help me Gabbie and I love you and your videos. I know it's strange to say that yoI watch you all the time	 your diffently in my top favorite 3 youtubers. No matter what video you post	 i'll watch it and love it. You make such good	 funny	 and real videos	 that why I love you and your videos. I hope some day I get to meet you	 that would be soooooooo amazing. But I can only dream. <3																										so true x dont change ur self																																				I love you gabbie Your da best __ ha																																				I don't know why u thnk tht u r fat or why others call u fat I thnk tht u r beautiful just the way u r																																				All people skinny or fat	 you can't get skinner while starving yourself	 that just makes it worse. After the disorder	 its hard to get back to normal because your body keeps fat waiting for the next starvation	 therefore giving you more fat than before. Everyone is made differently and no one should judge each other because of that. No one can control how they look all that much. For anybody who thinks that they need to lose weight	 don't starve	 exercise. Even if you don't lose weight from that	 continue with it.																													This really helped me. Thank you Gabbie																																				currently still in my eating disorder but back in treatment ________																																				ur beautiful just the way u are don't ever assume otherwise xx																																				im 5'6 and i weight 122 pounds (about 55 kg) ppl tell me im almost skinny but ive always felt so fat																																				This hit me in the feels and she just inspired me so much I love her so much she inspires me so much																																				I struggle with eating disorders too.																																				I agree don't juge people at school or something because you don't now what there going through at home																																				Did anyone else cry when they saw this __																																				these people you think you're fat ARE BLIND. JESUS CHRIST. (but O'm so proud of you gabbie)																																				I'm sure this won't get read but I've always been different from others and struggle with accepting myself as I am I have always been told I useless and worthless and that I shouldn't even be alive I've hated myself for so long I try to have a little bit of confidence but I just can't I feel so gross. I wish I knew you in real life @thegabbyshow because you are amazing I love your videos and I wish I had a friend like you																																				I have just given up on my body. I have always been around extremely skinny people	 and I have never looked like them no matter what I do	 and I have started to think about not eating and skipping meals. My best friend was just diagnosed with an eating disorder and I don't want that to happen to me. But listening to the video I am seeing similarities and that's scary	 but I just don't know what else to do.																																	Gabbie listen you just have a big butt it's fine like what's wrong with a big butt don't worry about it Gabbie you look just fine like really you look good I wish I had your body I am really fat I hate it I try to do all these things and they just didn't work but yeah Gabbie you are perfect the way you are. I am on my. brother's email																																				I know this video is old and stuff but I just want to thank you. I struggle with eating	 I am very scared to throw up. It's very hard for me to eat	 I don't want to be skinny and I don't think i'm fat I just want to be healthy. I have come to a point where I can't dance (I dance lol) because I get too tired and I will lose weight If I do that. It's so hard but now I know that i'm not the only one who is going through this. Thank you so much Gabbie__																																		Gabbie I love you you are beautiful and amazing																																				I'm probably late on this	 but don't worry that much. Sure	 work out to be healthy and lose a couple pounds	 but don't worry that you are overweight or fat because you're not. I've always thought that I was fat. Wearing jackets	 sweaters	 hoodies to cover it up and tights or skinny jeans to make my legs look thinner	 but I learned to love myself no matter the appearance. If I have a body	 I better love it and care for it for it is my own. That was the main reason for this comment. Love your body for how it is. Improve it if you think it's best	 and that's what I have done. Now	 I feel good about myself. People are going to hate	 but they only see this person that they don't know who doesn't have a perfect body or what THEY believe is a perfect body	 so they feel the need to criticize you for how you look. So	 Gabby	 my perspective of you is an unusual but wonderful	 kind human being who can be a bit aggressive at times. You are beautiful whether it's your body	 facial features	 or personality. Just letting you know how I think. Love you Gabby and I am so proud of you and all you have been doing.																				Gabbie seems so kind spirited. I wish I was her age so we could just hangout! She is so beautiful inside and out and she makes me happy! Ahh I want to meet her!!!																																				My instagram is KayBee_1234 follow me!!!!																																				I know this was last year	 but does anybody else wanna hear more about her struggles ect about her eating disorder?																																			Why are so many of her story times relatable ______																																				I'm going to end up like Gabbie. We have or had for her the same eating disorder and I mean depression and needing a therapist but I don't have one. Hates body. Crying constantly. I eat like idk way less than 1000 calories	 but she doesn't do that anymore. I mean	 I got better	 I use to not eat anything for like a week and faint a lot. Now I'm just trying and soon I'll get better. I blame the internet and society for making people hate themselves.																																	______																																				Wow this is my favorite video now gabbie you're so amazing and beautiful____																																				thankyouthankyouthankyou																																				Gabbie	 I just want you to know that this video really inspired me. I have only been watching your videos for a couple of months	 but you are someone that I look up to. I have been bullied ever since I started Kindergarten	 and I'm almost a Junior in HS. I always doubt myself	 I hate my stretch marks	 and I pretty much just hate myself in general. I appreciate everything you said in this video. I now want to just better myself in the way that I feel comfortable in my own body. I love you and thank you for making the world a better place. <3																															fuck i thought she meant she ate actual goldfish																																				Skinny minnie is the best possible compliment ! :))))																																				I think I missed something, cause for a moment I thought she ate her friends actual goldfish... That was quite a shock__																																				"Sooooo you probably won't read this but you know I'm gonna write it anyway Ever since I was young I thought I was chubby and all the girls in my class were all skinny and pretty I thought I was ugly and that I was fat. My own mother even told me I needed to lose weight. When I was in 3rd grade i weighed about 65 lbs and I thought I looked obese So I would stop eating. I would tell my parents ""I'm not hungry"" or ""I already ate"" so that o wouldn't have to eat By the time I was in 6th grade I was 4'8 and 70 pounds I found it crazy because to still looked fat I was only eating one meal a day (lunch) and my lunches were Not large portions. I started to even skip lunch most days had my mom enroll me in sports everyday of the week, I had PE everyday and before school I would workout everyday. I started to get so sick that my mother had to admit me to the hospital and the doctors all said that if I didint stop what I was doing I WOULD die no exceptions. Now I'm 15 4'11 and I weigh 95 pounds I still think I look fat People say I'm ""curvy"" but I honestly just think I'm fat If you actually read that Thank you __"																																				I have been struggling with anorexia for years	 but never wanted to do anything about it. My friends and family have been trying to help me but i never took the help. This video just struck realization in me and as soon as the ending song started I burst out in tears. I don't want to be deathly skinny anymore and I don't want it to continue effecting my health. I'm doing something about it now. Thank you Gabbie	 you will continue being my inspiration.																																		Wow Gabbie... I just saw this and I know it's late but	 this is amazing. I'm just like you	 except younger	 and I've struggled to be healthy and I've always compared myself to others. But you've inspired me... you've made me realise that it's wrong. Thank you.																																	Thank you...........So much	 Gabbie.																																			I love this video you are amazing! You have truly inspired me! I will try and be healthy!																																				Don't let people judge you and don't compare yourself to others your beautiful no matter what so just be yourself																																				Gabbie honestly you are such a role model for me I have struggled with my weight for a very long time and you are my favorite YouTuber	 you are one of the most gorgeous and beautiful people	 both inside and out																																		this is so so inspiring and legit helped me so much. __																																				"i've always made jokes about my weight and when people would say ""ur so pretty tho"" or ""ur not fat, ur beautiful"" i would always feel so awkward. like it's not one or the other, i'm fat and i'm beautiful."																																				"""I'm just gonna come out"" __________GABBIE YAY FLY THE FLAG __________ ""And say this about my eating disorder"" crawls back into closet and cries"																																				Thanks for sharing. Love your videos																																				I wish I had your body I'm so skinny for my Age when I was in 4 grade I looked like I was 7 and when I was in school people were talking about my body shape and I'm so skinny																																				"i read the thumbnail and though it said ""my battle with my baby"""																																				I think I'm fat but everyone tells that I'm skinny because I look skinny but I feel fat and I am heavier than people who are fatter than me																																				You are my hero.																																				Aww Gabbie :( I love you and when you said you were only getting 500-800 calories per meal I teared up and just wanted to hug you tightly and tell you how proud I am of you.																																				"When is your ""a story about my lying disorder"" video ?"																																				You're beautiful I wouldn't know that you have a eating disorder																																				"Has anyone ever looked in the mirror and thought ""Wow, I kinda look okay."" Then when you go into public you instantly feel extremely self conscious?"																																				To all the girls with a little bit of chubb	 it's okay. I'm a girl	 but if I were a boy	 I would love a girl with some extra weight. I'd think it's hot. Which	 it is to some people. They just hate admitting it.																																YES GABBIE SLAY MY EXISTENCE YOU GO IM SO PROUD OF YOU KEEP DOING WHAT YOURE DOING AND YOU ARE ABSOLUTELY GORGEOUS AND YOU EXCEED GOOD ENOUGH																																				 be more chill	"my mother makes comments about my appearance all the time, heh. i've tried to starve myself, i got to 4 days. got caught. i'm waiting for a time where i can continue. nobody's going to respond to this, if they do, it'll be people saying ""you're begging for replies."" so, just wanted to say this. thought i'd relate. anyways, goodbye."																																			not gonna lie	 I always thought you had an eating disorder (is that offensive? I hope not) as a teen and honestly it's kind of my coping mechanism to know other people I look up to like you have had the same struggles as me. I needed to see this today : )																																			I was eating ice cream while watching this lol																																				neeeeeeded this.... love you.																																				I used to starve myself because I thought that I was fat																																				"your story is just so inspiring ,i have an eating disorder and honestly it's just so hard to live with it,ithas started two years ago,but my acts weren't that bad,that was until last year,i had terrible year cos of how bad my anxiety got,at that point,my anxiety didn't allow me to eat i was always in pain and i felt like i was gonna throw up if i ever swollow food,that lead to two months of unwillingly starving ,my parents didn""t believe that anxety could do such thing,after two months i was taken to a doctor,i got anemia andi found out i weighed 12 kgs less,like i went down from 56 kgs to 45 kgs,and hearing that made me just so happy and i figured out that by starving i'll reach my body goal,but it didn't work,my parents became more strict about my eating and right now,this ED is at its worst,i can't wear any clothes cos i feel sooo fat i just cry,i can't handle eating allthough i've fainted twice before it's just hard,but i know that i can recover ,somehow,i'll heal from this so thanks for this video :)"																																				I'd really like if you went in depth about it. it might help me a lot																																				Thank you Gabbie I don't suffer from an eating disorder but I do have type one diabetes so eating healthy and finding an even amount of Carbs for meals is difficult. I usually compare myself to my friend Jared he has perfect Blood sugar levels and a great physical appearance. Your right that comparing your self to others will be anyone's downfall I needed to hear this I think. New to your Channel but you inspire me! __________																																				Omg I'm eating goldfish																																				Wow! ......that sounds like my mom she has that!																																				"5:12 I RELATE SOOOOOOO HARD YOU HAVE NO IDEA. In school, ""ugh im so fat i need to stop eating a lot"" slips out and people look at me like ""wtf??"" and they say they envy my ""fast metabolism"". My english teacher was once like ""I wish I could eat that much and not gain weight like you"" I was about to cry. My friends in school make me feel like shit when they say i eat too much, but they don't know that because they think I'm naturally skinny. Whenever someone says something like ""you're so skinny"" ""ugh how do you eat this much and stay the same"" ""i wish i was like you"" I want to tell them how much i suffer and how much being how i am hurts and i want to cry but i cant stay any of that. This is why it's getting harder to recover bbecause everyone thinks I'm someone im not and if i gain weight theyll look at me differently and say mean things thinking i'd be okay with it (I know they'll be rude and mean to me because everyone makes fun of everyone's weight here :))))))))))) fml) This video is honestly inspiring and I'm glad I watched this. I hope I fully recover soon because honestly I'm traumatized by my eating disorder and I can't stop."																																				Just want to hug you after watching this... _ I have suffered my whole life from eating disorder nd still suffering nd listening ppl that I'm fat. nd now I hate myself. but this is really a motivation for me. thank you :) Love from Pakistan!																																				"I have my story: I don't have an eating disorder. I eat a lot but some how I lost 4 pounds in February. I'm really scared. I was 96.6 pounds and I'm now 92.2 pounds. I'm really scared of getting too skinny. I have been smaller all of my life but now I'm realizing that I'm losing weight not gaining. My goal was too be 100 pounds so I don't look like I'm dying but I haven't reached it. ( If you were wondering I'm 13 and 5'1). So I got sick and didn't eat for 4 DAYS. I had low blood sugar and lost more weight. I have always hated when people ask me if I eat or if I have an eating disorder. Nothing fits me. I can run without getting shakey and light headed. My back and ribs show. My doctor says I'm ""petite"". I feel like if I keep losing weight I might end up in the hospital. Please can someone help me out here. I don't know what's going on"																																				"Oh my gosh this video was so inspiring. I absolutely hate when people say Gabbie is fat! She's beautiful not only in appearance but also her personality. The fact she to the time to make this video shows she wants to share her story because she cares about us (her subscribers/fans) I personally have never struggled with an eating disorder, but when I was a chubby little kid so many people called me fat. It hurts a lot even when it comes from siblings just poking fun. I've struggled with the idea of self harm because of what kids said to me in high school but like Gabbie said it's about gaining confidence in yourself; don't listen to what others say or think. Don't ever let anyone be the reason you are down on yourself. Self hate is so weirdly promoted nowadays. It breaks my heart when other YouTubers say things like ""oh I'm so fat"" or ""I'm trash"" even if they're joking that still sends the message to the younger viewers that hating oneself is a good thing. It's really not because the more you hate yourself the easier it is to fall to an eating disorder or self harm. You're all beautiful and you're all worth it. I don't know if anyone will read this but know it gets so much better _____"																																				I love this video																																				WHAT TH ACTUAL FUCK SIGN POSTS ARE HAUNTING ME!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! no one would understand middle school stuff the past that still haunts me shivers																																				I don't have an eating disorder	 but my family doesn't have enough money for food I can bring to school. So	 every day I have to sit and watch my friends eat while I am just starving. My friends are such generous and nice people that they are constantly offering me food	 but I reject it because I feel like if I eat some of their food	 I will owe them that food	 but I can't give it to them. Because my family doesn't have enough money to buy the foods they gave me. So	 I try not to pay attention to the grumbles in my stomache. But that's just my story. And I am not saying I have an eating disorder	 because I don't. I just wanted to share something.																													Stop being so hard on yourself!!!!!!! U r BEAUTIFUL!!!!!																																				This spoke to me so hard. __ Thank you Gabbie ____																																				Whoever has an eating disorder let me tell you this: You are soo beautiful just the way you are and don't think you need to change yourself to look good. Looks aren't everything you are amazing just the way you are this is for everyone not just people with eating disorder																																				who tf called u fat?																																				This used to happen to me but I got over it																																				I'm scared because recently I've felt the urge to throw up food I ate... I know thats not right so I didn't and I know eating disorders don't help.																																				So did she eat too much food or not eat food ????? ________ but I'm happy for you gabby																																				I want to give you a hug	 I love you so much Gabbie. You're so influential																																			Love you loads Gab thanks for making his video																																				I like thick bitches.																																				thank you... I needed this today..																																				If it's not too much	 I'd love if you made a more in depth video.																																			In 7th grade a friend accused me of being anorexic but well middle school period is a time of awkwardly skinny times during growth spurts anyway. So that bothered me at the time so for a while and now it's a habit where I'd eat as much as I could to gain weight to the point where I've thought about puking to stop the pain of an overfilled stomach. Years later and I'm finally able to have a little chub on my torso and I loved it for 2 years but after that I want my flat tummy and little abs back.																																				Annnd here I am at what			 129-30 pounds at 13? Damn. I fucking want to kill my self..																																	please please please please make a more in depth video. this was so inspiring and helpful and you're truly amazing																																				Gabbie this video must have taken a while to upload. Even though it may be hard	 this helped me. I used to be chubbier and I lost weight but I was SO insecure. I used to hate my body so much and cry over it. Bodies are beautiful and the fact that they are simply existing is beautiful too. I am healthy and happy	 and if you have that	 the numbers don't matter	 dear.																																I can relate. kinda going through this right now and I can't like stop																																				__																																				My problem is different. I over eat. All the time. Its kinda a coping method. I eat when I'm nervous. When I'm sad. Even when I'm happy. I can't control myself. I tell myself to stop eatiing but I just keep shoveling food into my mouth. Then I look in the mirror at a fat ugly girl with anxiety. My mom tried to get me to go to them gym with her	 but my anxiety told me no. I used to cry so much. Now	 it really feels like I'm all out of tears. I wish I could cry. Everything is stuck up inside me and it builds up																																		I like this because people have been bullying me and I've just been really sad and this just lifted my mood																																				I had the one were you can't swallow no matter how hard you try for the longest time and I didn't even realise it was an eating disorder. It got to a point where this and my anxiety was totally consuming my life in a really negative way and it took professional help for me to realise. I still struggle with it till this day but it's much better than it once was																																				you're beautiful Gabbie__																																				I think we are all proud stay strong																																				Watch EDucating Shanny! She's incredibly inspiring and talks all about eating disorders																																				This has helped me today. I've recently been having some problems and they certainly aren't healthy. As Gabbie said																																				Thank you for sharing. I have never had eating disorders	 but I have never been completely comfortable in my skin. This video has opened me up to myself and really has helped. Thank you Gabbie. I love you just the way you are. Lots of love and best wishes	 Erin xxx																																		You are always so inspiring especially to me																																				Girl	 you're so fake...																																			That's weird because you're quite fat																																				You probably won't see this	 but you are an inspiration and you are absolutely amazingggg																																			Thankyou for this																																				I know this is weird asf but everytime i feel self conscious or bad about myself I just remember that back when i was just a little sperm	 I beat all those other little shits to the egg.																																			Gabby is so pretty!!! <3 Shes not fat wtf!																																				i used to slightly judge those with depression and eating disorders because i thought it was something the individual can switch on and off (not sure if that makes sense.) ://																																				Gabbie, you just made me realize that i might have an eating disorder.................. yikes																																				now I feel shitty for laughing when David and everyone jokes and calls you fat or ugly :/																																				Comparison isn't a bad thing. Having personal feelings about the comparison is the evil part. I compare myself to people all the time regarding my profession and try to learn as much as I can	 but I don't feel bad when I can't reach their level yet. Comparison is good in some circumstances	 but once you learn to completely control your feelings and understand that you don't NEED to achieve those things to exist	 you get over it.																																	* that awkward moment before the intro starts *																																				Honestly this helped me so much ily thank you for being so amazing																																				You are my biggest inspiration. Thank you for everything. I adore you __																																				Your words are an inspiration.																																				what's the song at the end of the video?																																				How come I've only just found this video?																																				This is such a great video that really needed to happen. This was very informative and helpful.																																				Gabbie	 you are Beautiful	 nice	 funny	 and friendly. Theses are qualities not many people have. It shouldn't matter what's on the outside but what's on the inside. Ps love you gabbie																																this made me cry because it made me realise a couple of things. Thank you	 Gabbie for everything you said	 sharing your story. It helped me	 I'm sure it helped so many others	 we all love you Gabbie	 we support you	 keep doing what you're doing	 you make me laugh	 smile	 feel confident. Thank you so much for when you said you can never be happy if you are always compareing yourself to others. Yes	 that is so true	 as hard as that may be for everyone	 that's what we just have to do. I can't believe I never even thought like that	 thank you so much. I am never really happy or confident but somehow watching you makes me FEEL. I have your videos on 24/7 just watching them over and over. You make me so happy	 you make me laugh	 I can relate to so many things with you such as anxiety and body issues. keep doing what you're doing	 thank you for becoming a YouTuber. love you Gab. - Alonna Long_____																				I come back to this video so often. it helps	 a lot.																																			I'd like to share my story in order to help the people who are going through the same thing as me. I'd just like to say, I'm really skinny. But it's not unhealthy, because my mom and my grandma and my brother are all really skinny. Until I was about 13 I was eating normally, gaining weight steadily and was proud of my body. The problem was, halfway through 13 I got into a really bad relationship. Honestly, looking back, I still think this guy was hot. He was that classic blonde hair blue eyed jock that all the girls had a crush on. And again, like the stereotype, he was a massive douchebag. He put on this really sweet mask whenever we were out, but when we were alone he would say that I needed to change the way I looked. He wanted me to have a big butt and boobs and a perfectly flat stomach, which I didn't really want. He also told me that I needed to wear less (I was 14, dude, that's gross). I tried to not let it get to me but I started getting really stressed out. A couple of my friends posted all about me on social media, saying really hurtful things. It affected me so much, and my boyfriend kind of pushed me away when I tried to talk about it, so I decided that doing what he asked would get his support. It started out as an innocent thing. I knew about eating disorders and wanted to gain the figure healthily. But when I was weighing myself and looking, I found I was gaining weight (which was what I should've been doing because I was going through puberty). Once I did that I decided to not stop eating but to exercise as much as possible. I got really into cross country, and would train for about two hours a day. I got really physically strong, but the problem was that I wasn't eating enough. Soon I became way too thin and the health problems got worse. The tipping point happened when I got the opportunity to go to national cross country on a team my coach was co-creating. On the day, I started off well and was about to cross into first when something happened. I fell to the ground, throwing up and shaking. I had to go to hospital, and they found out that I was basically burning through all my energy. I had no fat or carbs to sustain me, and I ended up hitting a wall because I was pushing myself too hard. The doctor told me that if I wanted to pursue cross country that seriously, I had to follow a strict carbs diet that would help me gain muscle. I realised that although cross country made me really fit, it didn't make me that happy. I started it because of my first boyfriend, which I had broken up with and was dating a girl from my cross country team (yes, I'm bisexual). I stopped putting as much focus on it and started working on my studies. I'm proud to say that I've returned to a healthy weight and my demons have been conquered. But to anyone else who is dealing with the same thing I was: stay strong. You need to take care of yourself, because you are beautiful just the way you are.																																				I eat when I'm bored.																																				This is really inspiring 	 love you																																			"""You're not sick, you're just hungry"" I know this feeling, I eat once MAYBE twice a day. I eat so little that when I actually am hungry, in my mind I think I'm just sick. I literally forget to eat dinner, when asked if I ate I actually have to think about it cause I swear I ate but my plate is full in the microwave__ so I feel ya Gabbie"																																				Literally paused the video and cried after the skinny mini comment. I weigh a little more than I'd like	 but I know that my perspective on my body is so off sometimes. Thanks for sharing this	 Gabbie.																																		Good video																																				i love her hair																																				I'm not crying anything wym																																				your not fat																																				"I started having eating disorder thoughts when I was 12, but didn't act on them til I was 16. I would have a granola bar for lunch, after having half a muffin top for breakfast, then try to throw it up. I considered myself the ""fat friend"" bc all of my friends were so much thinner than I was. I put dishes in the sink to make it look like I ate, would spit food into napkins, write down cals for everything, and weighed myself 5 times a day. Fast forward to first sem of my sophomore year at college. I was eating no more than 500 cal a day and still thought that was too much, was trying to throw up 3-4 times a day, and working out as much as I could. I wrote fat on my hand to look at when I wanted to eat. I had a pro Ana buddy that would encourage me to starve myself. I eventually had to leave school bc my mom found out and said I needed to get professional help. The help didn't work. It only made me feel like I was the fattest person in the room. Some of my ""friends"" at the time who didn't know would tell me I'm ""not too pretty, not too ugly, not too fat, not too skinny"", ""not the right type of beautiful"", and that I ""don't make guys jump out of chairs"". I would try to get better over the last 2 years, but always would relapse. When I went back to school last semester I told myself I was done, but it came back. Now, I am determined to finally recover. I am in counseling and seeing a nutritionist. Food and my weight is still constantly on my mind and my fears are still very present, but my want to be healthy is louder. Sorry this is so long"																																				Since most people are telling their story, I will too. When I was little, I was very skinny until 3. My mom was 24 at the time and she babysat kids that were super skinny and could eat anything they desire. They would have McDonalds for breakfast everyday, Cheetos and grill cheese for lunch, etc. So, my mom did the same to us because she didn't know any better considering my background is Portuguese and people live on food. Anywho I was getting chubby by the days went by and I remember one time at a dinner party at our house, I came out of my room (age 9) to say hello. My grandmas brothers were talking how tall I was and then he exclaimed how I needed to watch my weigh and said I'm huge...... it scars me to this day. Years later, I was in grade 6 and that was the year I started to think about how I look and feel. Everyday I would cry, tug at my legs, stomach, and arms after school and be depressed all the time. My brother would tease me about my weigh, and how everytime I would eat something better, say I'm starving myself. It connected how my mom was anorexic when she was a teenager too. Her brother would call her names also. My parents were divorced then and I went to my dads house eating the worst foods, and I felt sick also unsecure. I stopped seeing my dad (long story no one on here needs to know) In the summer, I didn't want to go to my friends pool party because of how I looked. I used a excuse of being sick so I just stayed on the chair at the pool all day. In July 2016, I started to watch my weigh. By that time I was eating healthy and not starving myself. I lost 20 pounds. In my house I've been pressured by how I don't eat my grandmas (terribly bad for you) cooking anymore, and how I need to eat when I'm normal. Over the years she told me to LOSE weigh and judge me. Now, your going to control how I feel and gain back again to another vicious cycle?!?This year it's been depressing in grade 7.For 3 years, I've been developing a crush that never knew I existed and I'm serious about how I feel about him. I never changed for him, but myself. In the winter, I started to starve myself, and cry in the bathtub at night for hours. I was comparing myself to people in my class who were absolutely stunning who would eat horribly while I'm heard working my ass off to look good enough! it went far as to thinking about killing my self. Why doesn't my crush like me, and hang around and pay attention to good looking girls? We had many similarities and I felt we connected but I didn't have the confidence to speak a word. By that time my mom comforted me a lot and made me feel so much better and I went to a therapist. I talked about issues in my life, and I felt better. I also told her about how I picked up some scissors and thought about it. My therapist was comforting and kind. Later at school, we recently had diversity day were we learned about how the world discriminates others. We took the test were we step back if we step back one line and forward another to say it's true or false in the gym. Questions like, what's your gender, do you think your worth living for, do you think your fat... Everyone was trebling in tears and as a result, I wasn't alone. At that time, I've lost 40+ pounds at the height of 5/7, I'm healthy now and I'm 13, keeping it that way. I look great and feel confident in myself. Sometimes I hate my body but that's what I have to live in and Im proud to say I'm inspired by gabbie and how we have had similarities. Anyone still reading, thank you so much. If you have struggles like this, know that you can be brave and fight your thoughts of thinking your below everyone else in beauty or society. My heart goes out to you__																																				here's my story that no one will read. I am tiny. I'm short and weight almost nothing. I was kind of a chubby kid, but I didn't care. later on, in about second grade, my weight dropped dramatically. I gained weight at a very slow pace. in sixth grade, a couple people weighed twice as much as me. I have the metabolism of a hummingbird on steroids. I feel hungry so often that I guess I just forgot the feeling and it doesn't affect me as much as it should. I ignore the feeling it because it feels somewhat normal, until my blood sugar drops and I feel dizzy and sick.																																				"Okay first of all, you're not fat. You were never fat. From looking at you I could say you seem/ed to be at a healthy weight (doesn't mean what you were DOING was healthy but my point is you didn't look as bad as you told yourself you did). You are very very beautiful Gabbie. __I hope this doesn't trigger anyone, I'm really sorry if it does I struggled with food for years and the most I've lost was probably 7 pounds but I just put it all back on again. At this point I'm just like ""Fuck it. Life's too short, I'm gonna eat what I want."" And honestly this is the happiest I've been in...forever. I feel like I'm gonna dive back into those bad habits again though and I don't know what I'm gonna do. I know I'm gonna deny being sick and say I don't NEED help I'm still FAT so why are you worried? I don't understand why people were worried to begin with anyway, I've been overweight for most of my life so what's the harm of skipping a few meals? I can't get help because I don't want it and you can't help someone who doesn't want to be helped. I really want to be skinny and bony but I HATE exercising, I have asthma so not being able to breath really isn't fun and I get itchy and uncomfortable when I sweat that much and no matter how long I spend in the shower after that I still feel dirty. I've tried diets before but I can't stick with them and I just feel so hungry and unsatisfied all the time. But for some reason when I restrict I love feeling hungry? But when I try to do it the healthy way I bitch and whine about being hungry the entire time lol. I'm a lost cause at this point idek what to think anymore"																																				the first 20 seconds made me cry idky																																				I wish u would do a updated video.																																				Be who you are!																																				Thanks for this	 Gabbie - it really IS about gaining confidence. Learning that truth helped me get over my ED. I had to totally rearrange the way I think about my body and how I control it	 but 2+ years later	 I'm out of the darkness. Every day is a struggle to not regress	 but it's so much easier than it was before. So glad to hear that you're doing better too. <3																																If you read this Gabbie which you probably won't I just wanted to tell you that you have helped me get through my eating disorder. When even I feel down I watch your videos and you have just helped me in so many ways	 so thank you so much.																																			During this video i ate a whole box of mac and cheese.																																				wow I realized I have an eating disorder																																				no matter what	 I never think I'm good enough. people can say I'm pretty and that I shouldnt think these things	 but they never leave my head. at times	 I think I look pretty. but as soon as I start to feel bad about myself	 it all come crashing down. ugh idk																																You inspire me. __																																				Another Gabbie video that makes me want to keep living__																																				Dang this hit me bc someone told me a looked pregnant to today and they call me fat all the time and this just made me feel so good abt myself I'm crying rn so thx__																																				Gabbie ur so pretty!__																																				You are not fat. __ ty for this video love you																																				this made me cry....																																				I have had an eating disorder and I know how hard it was for me to be confronted about it because of my state of denial. I can tell it was hard for you to share and I just wanted to say thank you because I can relate heavily to this. It brought tears to my eyes to see someone else feeling similar to the way I did before. You aren't alone. You are fabulous	 humorous	 and you have so many wonderful opportunities still in store for you. Keep up the amazing work and thank you for sharing with us. Have a great day Gabbie! Much love and hugs sent your way! (:																																		"ok well I ... I am going through something were it's to hard to swallow even water without being in enough pain to actually loudly say ouch ... so it's so weird that I had random Gabbie vids playing and when she said ""I couldn't swallow"" I know it's not the same but I've been saying that for the past couple days..._..."																																				I don't know why people say your fat! Your not!! Their are fat people in this world and you are 100% not in that category! Gabbie	 don't listen to what those people say because you are so pretty and funny!! __																																			I _ u so much																																				Good for you Gabbie keep attitude it looks great on you																																				this video saved my life.																																				Dear gabbie I'm sure you won't read this but if you do	 just know you are so pretty and amazing the people who judge you are just jealous it's understandable why anyone would be jealous you are so pretty you don't need to change at all xx clem																																			can you make a update video/background video. I have been watching this a lot lately because I have been struggling. and as odd as it sounds I don't feel so alone when I watch it. I'd like to know more about you and your ED. and how your doing in recover																																				If you look in the mirror and see yourself as fat	 get a new mirror cause it is broken.__																																			I have an eating disorder too!__																																				this was uploaded on my birthday																																				Wow sounds like me a year ago here's my story: (sorry for my English) So when I was a child I was obese no joke I weighed like 150 pounds and I was 5	4 so I was forced to work out and eat healthy what I of course didn't do	 until this happend. I was beginning to get bullied for my weight	 I was called a pig and disgusting. When I was eating people would call me fat and said I shouldn't eat. so I lost weight	 I was obsessed with pro Ana sites and the whole idea of anorexia I was 10 and probably 145 pounds and 5	8 but I was losing. I was only eating about 900cals but I started to get obsessed and I was eating nothing only drinking my daily cup of thee or maybe maybe an apple i lost 45 pounds. So I was 5	9 and 100 pounds I started binging and gained 25 pounds	 I eventually relapsed and I was 5	10 and 105 pounds. Now I'm 5	10 and 115 pounds and I really reallllly want to be 100 pounds again. (btw i'm 12 now)																											""" it's not about losing weight it's about being comfortable in your own body"""																																				don't worry gab. your so beautiful the way you are																																				"my whole life I have been chubby and I am 11 and weight almost 150 pounds and have wanted to change my weight and my cousin is younger and weights more than me and she always says "" I want to look like you"" I always ignored her because I thought she ways crazy that she wanted to look like me. I have always tried to go to school in sweat shirts but it is hard to do that when I live in Arizona and its has been. hard to find a dress or bathing suit because I am not comfortable with how I look"																																				You are so inspiring thanks																																				you're so amazingly strong																																				It's ok gabble we all love you no matter what you look like																																				"you are gorgeous no matter what,y family is smaller than me but I'm naturally built big because I have a different father, when I was younger I would be told that I was too big or to heavy or just plain fat and it really hurt me because they didn't know that I wasn't eating or was barely eating and making myself throw up and working out non stop, but no matter what I was always the ""fat girl"" but my sister realized I wasn't eating so she talked to and these are words that really help and are true ""no matter what you do or how hard you try not everyone is going to except you, but as long as you except yourself you can be happy and no there is no perfect but as long stay strong and true to yourself eventually someone will come along and see you as perfect for them but for now be happy with yourself"" so I did and eventually I lost the weight and I'm healthy but I'm still trying to be happy with myself because no matter what, I still see the ""fat girl"" in me"																																				"""I mean, it honesty, consumed me."" Me: Is that a pun?"																																				Awe	 this is so great that you were able to free this. I hope it makes you feel any better. I'm kinda sad for you now	Ê wow	 but a more in depth of you would be cool (if you haven't done something like that already. Yeah	 I'm late). But you are this just really funny	 intriguing	 very interesting book and I love learning about you through your videos. It really captivates me the way you put yourself out there.																														This video made me realize how I'm not alone thank you																																				You're honestly inspirational I can't say much more without writing a whole dictionary __but thank you so much __																																				Gabbie your my inspiration. Thank you for uploading your videos and giving me so much hope. Right now I'm really depressed. I've been self harming for a very long time	 and I'm seeing a psychologist but you just help me get through so much. Thank you so much xx																																			You are so brave for sharing your struggles with us.You're amazing.You are beautiful and that is a fact!																																				I don't see Gabbie as a fat person																																				when u started talking I was like.... I have a eating disorder__ And that was the moment when I realized I have a eating disorder:)) can a 12 year old have a eating disorder?																																				This really helped me. Ive watched this more than once.evry single time im crying	 sad and upset i got strait to your channel your so amazing funny kind beautiful i love you so much gabbie x																																			I don't know why other people would call her fat because they are the fat ones who shouldn't be talking and Gabbi isn't fat at all!! Everyone comes in there one shape	 size and color and that does not matter because for me as a Christian	 we believe that God is the only one who can judge you and that to God we all look the same!! Plus if the world doesn't accept who you are that isn't your problem that's theirs because you are beautiful just the way you are and you don't need to change a thing	 but the world CAN change its heart!!																																	So inspirational																																				Thank you for making this video. Every time I feel myself slipping or just need a reminder to keep my positivity I come back to this video. You don't understand how much this has helped me ___ xxx																																				Can you please go in depth about your experience. Of course if you feel comfortable with it but it's fine if you don't:) It's just that I'm struggling and you're my idol. Love you __																																				You're a strong woman	 Gab :') thank you for sharing your story. ____																																			i love you... you are the best role model. keep it up. you are amazing.																																				We're here for you always																																				Do you know whats worse than having having to awake every day telling yourself yourself your not normal people judge you																																				Your beautiful gabby I hope you read my comment																																				You are not fat	 you are not skinny! YOU are you! And being you is the best thing you can do! Love you Gabbie!																																			"Is there an in detail video of this? I'm going through this whole ""realizing I have an eating disorder"" thing right now, and I don't know what the next step is. I stopped seeing my therapist because she told me she wanted to reserve a hospital bed for me because it'll be my death bed. And I'm so scared I just don't know what to do. Anyone have any advice?"																																				Well just so you know you are absolutely BEAUTIFUL. Don't think I am saying it to be nice. I would not say it if I did not mean.____________________																																				does anyone know why her chest was so red in this video it's really concerning																																				just because you have thick legs and a butt doesn't make you fat__																																				You are truly beautiful :)																																				Thank you so much for sharing this with us. It honestly taught me so much. I love you __																																				you are so beautiful you really should not think like that																																				be sittin on my bed at one in the mornin stuffin my face with tortilla chips be like wait...																																				Wow	 you are so incredible!! Thank you so much for being so brave and expressing your truth. Just by doing so you've really helped me in my own struggles. Thank you	 you're my inspiration! So beautiful inside and out	 with an energy that radiates through the screen. I would be honored to hear more about your life	 I think talking about it	 even the nitty gritty	 makes it okay for yourself and others to accept and heal from the darkness that's taken so much life from us.																														You're an inspiration...																																				This is why I adore you and your channel so much. you just keep things so real. Fpr people like me	 who have body image issues and insecurities	 this actually kind of helps...																																		GO GABBIE!! You're such an inspiration																																				Gabbie	 I totally understand what you were talking about	 I had the same problems... You are amazing!:)																																		If anyone is struggling with an eating disorder or know someone	 go watch EDucating Shanny :) She has a youtube channel and is she sweetest person ever who opens up about her eating disorders and takes us on the journey of her healing. The advice on her videos are super valuable and helpful. <3																																			shit this is my story of life	 crying af tbh																																			It's sad that even 8 year olds are getting eating disorders I'm 16 I have anorexia and bulimia it's so serious and it's all I think about is food so if anyone is thinking about losing weight and not eating or Eating very little don't plz just do it the healthy way exercising healthy foods 3 meals a day with snacks join slimming world diet it great I lost half a stone in two weeks																																				I think it's important to talk more in depth about your ED. I think it's important to educate those around us of the symptoms of an ED. I think people assume eating disorders are things like not eating or purging	 when those are just the symptoms of a much greater issue. I think it's good to explain how not all EDs are the same. Not everyone who has an ED	 have the same symptoms	 but that doesn't mean eating disorders are any less deadly. 1 in 5 individuals with an eating disorder will die. Eating disorder week is next week	 great time to spread more awareness. But! Thank you for this video! Recovery is possible. The message in this video is very important! You're a great role model	 not just for young girls or your peers	 but also people like me who are 4-5 years older and also in recovery.																														Omg I love this so inspirational I feel that actually helped me with a lot ily____																																				This video helps my anxiety... thanks Gabbie																																				I love you Gabbie ______																																				I know it's party of your comedy thingy but I hate it when you call yourself ugly and fat... you are gorgeous and so talented gabbie. I love you Gabbie. you are my role model. I watch your videos when I get panic attacks and I instantly feel so much better. You are so inspirational and amazing.																																				Ugh	 can't stop obsessing over how each song at the end of her videos match perfectly with the video topic.																																			Gabby u are so inspiring. I loved this video																																				This makes me so sad because you're so beautiful _																																				I'm recovering from my eating disorder I feel like I need it back but nothing triggers me I know I don't want it back	 I don't understand																																			aww i love you																																				gabbie (and any other readers) you are beautiful no matter what ga thinks her nose is ig? its quite normal actually I like her nose any haters please leave us alone and any victims	 your NOT alone nor will you ever be :)																																			Yeah...I get it... _																																				I started crying when you mentioned you couldn't swallow food. When I was 14 I couldn't swallow food either so I wouldn't eat much. All I could really eat was non solid foods	 but still then it was difficult at times. It took doctors months to finally diagnose me with anxiety and possible thyroid issues. It's been many years since I've had to see the thyroid specialist but things are doing fine now. It's awful to deal with eating disorders and anxiety and other mental illnesses	 but I'm so happy you're able to talk about it and help others and educate others. Thank you.																																		love your face																																				Thank you for this. So much. I love you gabbie _																																				Waw! That was awsome!																																				I cried a little. thank you for sharing.																																				Jk this is hard to watch for me. Will watch later																																				#same																																				Gabbie	 I know you probably won't see this but thank you. I've looked up to you for so long and I think your amazing. And I've been struggling with these same things and just hearing some so much higher up then me had felt the same pains and feelings I have. I'm just so thankful I saw this. I would LOVE to hear you go more into depth about it. It's truly an amazing testimony. ________																																			so recently my school has decided to do swimming for a few weeks as a part of P.E and I bought a new swim suit. I got home tried on the swim suit. I realised I looked a bit thin I hadn't noticed but I had now. I'm not SUPER thin or anything but if I kept going the way I was I would be. I now excersise and eat more. if the wasn't for this swimming idea my school made. I wouldn't have noticed anything.and she have gotten worse. that's my story. update: I am now healthy as can be I would like to thank my school for their simple choice that saved my life.																																				___________________I love you so much _____________________																																				i was 135 and now in around 115-118. i didnt tell my parents i was in a diet	 they want me to gain it all back	 what do i do?__																																		ur hot and i wish i had ur body to but 2 kids by the time ur 20 does make it harder to have that body lol love my boys tho																																				I'm battling every day to stay in recovery. And it's hard and I struggle so badly.																																				Please make a more in depth video about your experience																																				I battle with my weight sooooo much and I am so sad	 but everyone tells me that I'm not fat and I know I'm not but I say I am and always hate my body....... One thing is I'm only 11																																			aw gabbie_																																				I'm sorry you feel fat. Your not fat. You're actually very beautiful and healthy. Just know you are who you are.																																				wait	 you mean gold fish gold fish..?																																			Gabbie *																																				Loved this video. Thanks a lot gabble __																																				I'm in an awkward place. I don't feel that I'm too fat. I feel I'm too skinny.........																																				Ppl have to force me to eat																																				Every thing about this is my life this is exactly me__																																				I got to the therapist for Anxiety too__																																				I have an eating disorder__																																				I am so proud of you for sharing this I know it's hard. I have suffered from eating disorders for many years (Ana and Mia) and it																																				It's funny how society has made most girls and guys think that you need to be skinny in order to be happy and look when in actual fact you just need confidence and power to push through and get to the stage of your health life where you are the most happy____																																				wow...uhm...I'm touched....must be like faith that I would like...come across this video...Idk if you are actually gonna see this but I love you I think you are wonderful	 beautiful and inspiring...uhm...I so fucking hope no one reads this because I'm so uncomfortable about admitting this in every way...I'm....bulimian...your video actually made me realize it...ive been broken down and fuckin torn apart about my weight and and at the point where eating any food gives me mega stress....I really wanted to be like able to have that type of self control of making myself starve and puke everything I eat and now that I have mastered it	 it's like the only thing that makes me feel kinda good...to know I have that type of control...it's like only 6 monthes or what eva and ive only lost like 9kg but...I don't expect you to reply or even read this because I have been...my heart has been broken by so many youtubers saying they are Christians or what every now even reading or caring enough about the fact that their fakeness mattered or made a difference in any way...I love you and know that you are different...just know I don't expect any thing...won't change my out look on you...																																		I actually prefer your videos that arent haha funny I enjoy these kinds because its more personal																																				I understand her I have struggled with binge eating for years. I got depression because of this. it took my friend to notice the slashes on my wrist and arm. don't let something like an eating disorder lead you to harm yourself.																																				I remember when I was in high school, I took a class that made us do a project where we counted our calories for a week. I found out I was eating about 300-500 calories a day. I would skip breakfast, stay at school until 4, get home and eat crackers with a glass of tea, and skip dinner. I'm much healthier now. I'm heavier, yes, but I feel ten times more confident naked now than I ever did when I was back then.																																				Gabbie: This video is going to be rambly. Gabbie: Gives a beautiful, poetic, and inspiring speech.																																				"i'm somewhat new to her channel and i've just completely fallen in love with her as a person. she's just inspiring and gorgeous and an amazing human being. i'm so proud of you gabbie, your confidence gives me confidence. ""your before picture could be someone else's goal picture"" i love that."																																				everyone in my life says i have an eating disorder but i always denied it. because i honestly think i dont. do i?																																				poor gabbie																																				You are so wonderful	 you make girls feel so good about themselves! And you girl need to know I have a very similar body type to you and it has taken me a while to become okay with not being stick thin but you are awesome and beautiful!! Thanks for the fantastic videos!! __																																			ridiculous how much i relate to this video. as someone who has been struggling with anorexia for over four years now	 having been hospitalized in the past	 i know how hard it is to not only go through it but to speak up about it. really hope you're doing okay x																																		This brought me to tears.. you are so beautiful. I'm so happy you're becoming healthy																																				"Gabbie, if you have the time to give me advice, I'd love it. I am severely obese for my age and I recently started excercising daily, it's the food I can't get down. Healthy foods are a lot more expensive than just a quick run to the market to grab a few donuts for the next morning. Sometimes I even have to skip a day sometimes because my body is so sore from excercising. Everytime I skip a day, I'll cry, but if I try to excercise I just can't because I'm so sore to a point where it hurts to shift in bed. I feel like I instantly need results or I think it's not working. I have been made fun of so much to the point where I come home and try to cry silently after school in my room. For example, we were selling wire hippos where I was volunteering for people in Africa to sell stuff and a total of maybe 4 people said stuff like, ""Oh look at the hippo, it's Savannah."" Or, ""Oh look, it's your self portrait."" It's gotten to a point where I don't want to go to school anymore, or I just want to stop eating but I can't stop myself when all you have to eat is fast food or donuts. I don't know what to do anymore, please, any advice would help."																																				i have a eating disorder i am 13 years old																																				girls with eating disorder are just dumb																																				You are so inspiring!!																																				shit... I'm going through this rn.. But I dont have the will power to even try to stop...																																				Hi Gabbie __ I recently got hooked up on your videos and binged-watched most of them..I just love how genuine you are! But I must say	 as a person who went to therapy in account of a unworthy ex-boyfriend and crazy parents I feel like therapy for you now is part of your routine..go for a new fan who loves you very much (and supports therapy) the best part of therapy is when you don't have to go anymore and you figure life on your own..I hope you get to find that happiness some day _ (Sorry for the bad English	 I'm portuguese)																																		__																																				"dear Gabbie, you aren't fat, you are skinny, beautiful, and funny. we all enjoy your videos. and for anyone who thinks your fat, they're just jelous, you're probably thinking, ""why would anyone be jelous of me?"" Because you're beautiful, funny, smart, and you have really funny videos. I love you ( not weirdly <3) yours truly, Hannah Miller!"																																				You're so inspirational Gabbie	 I love you so much and I'm really proud of you xx																																			Thanks Gabbie 	 I needed this so much. Today at school this girl called me fat and it hit me so hard. I needed this video so thank you.																																			"The best to remember if you are insecure with your body is that looking at the ""skinny kids"" at school or anywhere else is the worst thing to do! You don't know if they also have insecurities, you don't know what they have experienced in their lives so don't compare yourself to others and if you're fat and a skinny person is bullying you or anything similar, just remember most bullys have been bullied before in their lives too so YOU ARE NOT ALONE!!!"																																				wow I'm crying. I needed this.																																				What?? Really??? How are you fat!!! Uhh no______																																				"for once i feel like I'm not alone :( ever since i was 10 (nearly 17 in a few months), i've struggled with body image a lot. i got called fat, obese, wide load, ect cuz i was never that girl who was as flat as a board like all the other girls in my schools. i eventually tried working out, i only gained weight and kept getting bigger. (i didn't realize it was muscle at that time). so what were my other tries? diets! all the diets i went on never worked. i only felt more sick. so my last hope was to starve myself. this was around age 14 when this was happening. i started losing weight and having a smaller body instantly. i was excited and got really happy. especially when people would tell/mention to me that i look smaller. so what did i do? only starve myself longer and more. i would go from not eating for a few hours, to a day, to a few days in a row and so on. it came to the point where i got diagnosed with anorexia in mid may of 2014 and lived with it fully till about the end of 2016. i was admitted to multiple hospitals (mental health) and had to be force-fed through an IV. till this day, I'm still working on it and i am getting back to normal. was 120-ish pounds at age 14, dropped down to a total of 83lbs and now working my way back up to a healthier weight! :) its sad to think that even saying the 2 words ""you're fat"" to somebody as little as once, can destroy their whole life and make it go upside down in a snap. its also amazing to think that someone, like gabbie, can make one video and it can change many young kid's lives just like it changed mine! thank you gabbie, even tho you aren't ever gonna see this haha :)"																																				OMG thanks Gabby	 you help me understand a lot of things and I know that being comparing my body with others is not life																																			I've recently cut out sodas	 started eating healthy and exercising. After 2 weeks I decided to see how much I've lost	 and it was nothing! __ watching this video help me realize that I should be proud of myself for quitting sodas and eating healthy.																																		I can relate. I've felt overweight for a while. And it's not cause I really want to be skinny. I used to be fit	 and then I stopped exercising because I kept getting injured. Plus	 this year	 I don't have to take P.E. anymore (I'm a junior in highschool)	 so now I never run. Now it's to the point where I don't like to know how much I weigh. I'm constantly wearing baggy sweatshirts	 or only sweats. I try to avoid really thin or tight clothing as much as possible. I don't like shopping in the first place	 and if I do manage to choose something in the store	 i usually hardly wear it when I get it home. I try to cut out sugar and eat better	 but I just seem to always give in and eat lots of sugar or junk food. Any tips? Plus	 the song at the end of the video is really good. Try by Colbie Caillat is one of my favorites.																											I always felt like I was slightly overweight. I've not eaten for up to two days at a time and lied about it. I am a swimmer and swim 9 hours a week but I never felt like I was good enough everyone else was always smaller than me. Also I weigh quite a bit more than over people but I am 5'10 which for a 13 year old girl is quite tall	 I always forgot that. I'm quite strong and in the bottom average for my bmi but it was never about that	 it was about looks. I thought I was a little chubby and my tummy was a little chubbier than other people I knew. Now I know that actually I'm healthy and have nothing to worry about and that I now accept my body shape for what it is now how I think it should be.																																		Thanks for sharing your story.																																				Go Vegan!!! ____																																				you're gorgeous like you're body is so amazing you're so amazing																																				"Gabbie I'm 13 and I weigh 230 pounds I feel like dying most of the time and I spend every moment of my day worrying about my weight my best friends talk about how they weigh 100 or less pounds and It makes me feel horrible. My sister constantly spends her life calling me names such as ""fat ass"" ""hippopotamus"" and more it also doesn't help when I happen to like bands such as P!atd T¯P and Black veil brides she also calls me ""emo"" ""useless"" ""goth"" etc she also tells me to kill my self on the daily. -Gabby"																																				you're such an inspiration. we're at similar stages																																				gabbie. ive watched this videos more times than i can count. one of the biggest problems ive had when dealing with my ed	 is that no one talks about it and ive always felt alone. but ive been following you for a while and when you post videos about your body image issues or eating issues	 i know its hard	 but you really are helping. this video and a few others made me want to start making my own videos about my struggles	 so thank you. also my name is gabby lol. i know you wont see this	 but i just wanted to say thank you from the bottom of my heart and just let you know that you are loved everywhere <3																															I've had the same problem but instead they've always told me, you're not fat at all you're perfect but I knew i wasn't... I'm now in a situation where I don't exercise as much (just cycling) but i Don't like myself anyways...i still think I'm not that skinny. what a story...gab you're cute and beautiful at the Same time and i think you are truly perfect as you are. you're an example for many people																																				I'm so confused. Why do people think she's fat? She looks Awesome.																																				Thanks	 Gabbie. I really needed this :)																																			Im not sure if you will see this but i posted a video about my ED thank you for all the help Gabbie																																				Gabbie you're beautiful! Thank you for this video																																				I became a vegetarian when I was 12. I did it not only because I love animals but mostly because of my weight. I've been bullied for a lot of my life. I worried about people not liking me. I started sleeping a lot	 but it came to the point where I slept most of the day away. I hardly ate and when I did I threw it up. Then I binged then worked out way to much. I had skinny friends that called themselves fat (I remember taking pictures with them and having them get mad and not talk to me for weeks at a time because I posted the pictures to the Internet). I was depressed and had terrible anxiety. Still to this day I haven't gotten help and it honestly hurts me to wake up in the morning. I'm so tired but no amount of sleep helps.																																			I'm sure that took a lot to say your inspirational__																																				lol that thumbnail though																																				Man...... This was the realist video that I have ever watched of yours..... currently struggling with my thoughts on my weight. And seriously this video.... just made me feel better about myself____________________________																																				Wow Gabby that was inspiring thank you so much! I'm crying right now	 Thank you honestly I love you for what you do. And I am completely on board with you	 I believe that comparison IS the root to all Evil. Thank you Thank you Thank you. Love you GAbby																																		to who ever reads this you are perfect the way you are love yi urself because girlll you slay!____																																				I have anorexia																																				I am so happy people are sharing their stories	 it helps me and so many others not feel so alone. Eating disorders are very dangerous	 more than people realise. It's all in the mind and it's terrible. I remember spending almost all my time obsessing over my weight	 calories and I even purged and exercised the moment I got the chance. It's so unhealthy and it's a miserable lifestyle. I hope those who are suffering will be able to heal and feel good about themselves	 something I'm still struggling with. I always tell people I lost weight naturally and not by an eating disorder	 and they believed me. That's such a scary thought that so many people could have an eating disorder and nobody would notice.																															Your beautiful	 amazing and SO inspiring	 you literally slay no mattet what weight you are ! And your not fat in any way what-so-ever 	 thanks for being such an inspiring 	 strong woman	 love u xxxx																															I would love more depth of your journey! Whatever you want <3 You are not fat. You are the most inspirational woman just like Liza. You are both so positive! Love you Gabbie! Stay strong __!																																				i was called fat for the most of my life... didn't care then	 still don't care :) (still fat though)																																			i can relate. A LOT! i struggle with anorexia and ive been hospitalized MANY many times and ive have 11 different feeding tubes because i refused to eat and ive had to literally be strapped to a bed to be force fed. anyways	 im soo glad you made this video! you inspire me soo so much and i hope you are doing good!!! love you gab!!!																																			So inspirational																																				omg... this made me break down.. god I wish I had your strength gabbie.. you're so funny	 beautiful	 & a huge inspiration to me. I suffer anxiety & depression	 god I hate admitting to it.. but I do and I'm so insecure about myself	 this gave me hope. this gave me determination. this gave me the had to pick me back up from where I am.. truly eye opening for me	 I'm inspired and I finally feel heard and loved	 thank you__																														You are rad. This video is important. Thanks for the reminder.																																				hey I know this was a while ago now but if you haven't already can you do an in depth video about this?																																				i know that i might say this to a lot of other people but this time i atcually mean it (sorry that my spelling sucks) i think you are one of the most inspiring people in my life honestly because i think that you have been through so much and i think that you inspire a lot of other people out there and i know you will most likely never see this comment ever but i still think that you as a person shoudnt give one damn shit about what other people say about you because they are either 1 trolls 2 hater 3 a danm fool. but i hope you remember that you have a couple million subscribers and lets see how many likes people can get commenting hate on you.																																				__I really hate eating. It makes me feel sick. I'm 14 now	 and I've always struggled with my weight. When I was around 10 or 11	 I started to get very depressed. I didn't like myself	 and I didn't like my body. I was sick and tired of hearing doctors telling me to work out	 telling me I was over weight	 telling me how many pounds I've gained sense the last time I visited	 and how I needed to do something about it. I hated seeing other girls and wishing I was them because they were skinny and pretty. So at first my depression started off little	 no one noticed it	 no one asked why I didn't talk much. And no one really seamed to notice. I started staying in my room all the time. Started crying more	 being emotional constantly	 and never sleeping. I'd wake up constantly through out the night and normally only get 2 hours of sleep a night. My depression got so bad that I started to cut myself when I was 12 and by then could hold back my tears and have such a good fake smile you would never be able to tell I was broken. I wore hoodies all the time to sleep and to school	 at home and at other people's houses. In the winter	 in the summer	 spring	 fall. Basically just everyday all day. Eventually my family caught on and my mom made me take off my hoodie shorts	 pants and shirt. She saw all my scars and broke down in tears. That night I also told her I was bisexual. My dad told me I was going to hell	 and my mom said I was confused. That was when I was 13. So my mom took me to therapy. And from there on it got worse. I gained more weight	 and so	 I started to starve myself. I wouldn't eat anything for up to two weeks at a time. And when I did eat something I would go right up stairs and force my self to puke it up. By then I was sleeping even less and only getting 30 minutes to an hour of sleep every night which resulted to me passing out in the hallway at school one day. My insecurities and depression got so bad that I later tried to kill myself when I was 14 (I'm 14 now.) I overdose on many different pills and thought I was gonna die. I got scared at first	 but then I accepted it. I wanted it to happen. But it never did. I was on the phone with my BEST FRIEND. Telling her how much I loved her because I though I was gonna die. Obviously I survived. And I haven't told anyone except my friend about it. And I don't plan on ever telling. It's getting worse and I feel like I might do it again	 but this time I'm afraid I won't survive. I wish you all luck and support with your stories and battles. You're all beautiful and handsome and I hope some how or day you can see that.__																I never thought about it but I think I might have an eating disorder. I watched this video solely on the fact that I like your channel but now that I think about it	 I am quite sure I do. I binge eat and I don't throw up but I do hurt myself out of guilt. I recently almost passed out because my body was so confused because of the blood loss and hunger. I don't think I'm going to do anything about it because nobody even knows anything is wrong but you may later down the road have saved my life by making me realize this																																			its incredibly sad how completely NORMAL weight people are thinking they are extremely overweight and just disgusting to look at. i'm the same way. i have a completely normal bmi for my height and age and yet i look at myself and only see what needs to be gotten rid of	 when truly	 my body is completely fine and healthy the way it is. it's a struggle getting comfortable with yourself	 but it's a journey we can all help each other with. i love you gabbie	 and honestly	 your body is super sexy.																															thank you so much for this video gabble	 it has made me realise how bad my disordered eating is. it's one step closer to being a happier person and I can't thank you enough for helping me realise this____																																			"I don't have an ""eating disorder"" but i don't like eating either. I can eat when i am hungry but i don't like it. I just don't like eating ____"																																				"my story- I cames into seventh grade and i saw tiny little skinney people i said to myself i wanna be like her even tho everyone made fun of tht skinney girl but i didnt care at all so 2 months pass im 5""2 and i was 101 pounds and then i decided thts enough complaining if you wanna be like her do it so i starved myself i didnt eat breakfast nor lunch and dinner was the worst because my parents love fast food i tried to chnage my portion and my mom started to notice after a week because she noticed i didnt eat breakfast ad started buying me snacks but i never ate them and i remember when i finally ate i couldnt at all i threw it up so my mok gave me medicine and i started to drink water and i threw up the medicine and water out too and i didnt want to thtow up it was by accident on purposesly and i was like yayyyy this must mean im loosing weight so a month past im 97 pounds and still 5'2 my body is fat because i have little skin but on top of tht i have the fat my body is trying yo hold onto anf iremember i grabbed a knife and i started to think im going to chop off all my fat and i literatly just started crying because i let myself do this it was the worst feeling in the world today i am still starving myself but im depreased i have no fat left besides my stomach which is very little im going to loose tht fat until then -Yareli. subscrive to my youtube plzFluffyFuxFox/Ms.Purple thank you for reading my story god bless all of you"																																				This made my day																																				This is amazing	 thanks so much for sharing. I use to suffer from ED too	 saw therapists as well but for depression and anxiety	 been a mess lol																																	u r NOT fat																																				This is exactly what I went through last year	 it was the worst experience of my life. Though sometimes I still feel like I am fat I know it is in my head and yeah I need to stop comparing myself to others. As long as you are healthy that all that matters :)																																			Don't worry	 your body is just the clothes of your immortal soul. You won't have it forever.																																			I have an eating disorder. pretty much everything your explaining. idk what to do. :'( _ love you Gabbie																																				You're beautiful Gabbie! You are a beautiful soul	 a great entertainer and you are serious goals. I'd kill for your body and your confidence. Ignore the haters and keep doing you																																			i am still struggling with an eating disorder and no matter how hard i try i don't seem to lose any weight 	 i also have to worry about my grades so i don't even have that much time to exercise and i really got sick of it 	 because when i stress about school i end up eating a lot and then feel like shit ... i'm not THAT over weight but seeing other girls at school and others on social media being so skinny makes me hate my body so much																																		i am literally in tears. gabbie you are so amazing and strong. you're absolutely beautiful and im so proud of you. wow__________																																				I personally don't like my weight and i always thought about food and how my body looks and this video makes me feel less bad thank you gabbie you helped me																																				oh my god!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! this story is so INSPIRING!!! yes. you go gurl! you are amazing just the way you are!!!!!!																																				"This isn't an eating disorder story but this is my mental health story Disclaimer: I'm ""self diagnosed"" because my mom hates people with mental illnesses and think they're looking for attention so I haven't told her but I pretty much have depression because I regularly have suicidal thoughts and actions and experience other symptoms. So yeah that's that. I've always struggled with bad thoughts. But I was always the happy, smiling kid. When I was about 10 that all changed and I noticed I was losing motivation and my grades plummeting FAST. I went from straight A's to D's in a semester. 11 years old, I met my demons. One night I just cried my eyes out. I was being bullied and had a ton of friends who used me to get good grades even though mine were slipping. My mom watched it all happen from the sidelines. No help, no support. At 12 years old, I fell apart. May 16th of 2015, I wrote a suicide note and had everything planned. My parents were fighting, I was being bullied, and I had no real friends. I saw no bright future in my life. My brother walked in on me and I started balling. He comforted me and played music for me. He followed me around for a month after that to make sure I wouldn't do anything. Fast forward to July 2016, I met the best people in the world through my Instagram account that recently gained attention and had 2k followers at the time. I call them my internet friends. They are slowly helping me build up my trust and everything. I'm still suicidal and depressed, but I've made it past 3 times of almost killing my self. If life ever makes you feel down, get up and try. I'm having a hard time doing that also, but try. I also found comfort through music. Here are my favorite bands that have helped me, maybe they can do the same for you: Twenty one pilots Panic! At the disco My chemical romance All of those bands have at least a couple of songs that are about dealing with demons and have uplifting beats. Twenty one pilots is all about that stuff and every song has a meaning behind it, wether it be about Josh dun, the drummer,'s anxiety disorder, or Tyler Joseph, the singer/pianist,'s depression. So i heavily recommend them in rough times. So yeah that's my rant and I want all of you to stay alive and remember that life has a hopeful undertone, just keep going. ____"																																				wow i just at the video and noticed i have the same thing ____... an eating disorder __ i all ways try to purge food	 i dont really know what to do to controll it																																			Hey Gabbie this is probably the wrong video to say this on but thanks to you	 every day for the past 3 months I am getting more and more self-confident and have made decision of finnaly saying no to my blades. I am a venture scout in Ireland so being very self concious often got in the way of activities since I kept to myself	 but once I decided to start watching your videos I realised	 I am who I am. On the 7th of January I went on my first overnight trip and met a whole load of friends	 and the most amazing guy I have ever met	 and it was all thanks to the fact that I could think to myself	 Gabbie could do this and she is also very self concious so	 so can I. You are the person who drove me away from being really close to an eating dissorder and I am so grateful I clicked on one of your videos 3 months ago. Thanks to you I'm 3 months clean	 doing everything to be healthy rather than skinny	 taking intrest in a guy who isnt an asshole because I know I deserve better than a random jerk and I'm actually making real friends. I know you probably won't see this but thank you so much for saving my life. If I could ask you one thing though is if you could make a video about mental health and how its ok to take your time to get better	 I know you may not do this Im just simply doing a project in my school about positive mental health and our aim is to show people that they can take as long as they need to get better	 and I feel that them seeing a youtuber say this may make them see that they are not alone. Love you Gabbie you really are a truly amazing person.																									She just described my problem spot on. There are days where I only eat 300+ calories. I don't notice it but people have brought it to my attention. It sucks	 so I hope everyone who has one can get through it and can be genuinely happy																																			I'm 11 years old	 and I can't go outside to play or anything because I have a rare allergy to the uv rays of the sun called PMLE. My weight went down from 200 to 192. My height is only about 5'1... I hate myself.																																			This is the best video__Its so inspirational____ __LYSM Gabbie__																																				I have an eating disorder, many people do but if you are kind enough to read I would appreciate it :) It started in the middle of 7th grade, that's when I started to truly look in the mirror. I saw a fat girl. Keep in mind at this point I was around 85 pounds. I constantly compared myself to other and was realizing that my body was disgusting compared to the gorgeous girls in the grade above me. I was becoming aware of all the shit I ate. My birthday soon came around and I had a friend stay the night. We were having a fun time until my birthday dinner was set out. pizza and ice cream for dessert. My friend didn't like the pizza so I pretended I didn't either and spat it out. when we had ice cream i only took half a scoop and nibbled on it. I immediately felt disgusted and locked my self in the bathroom desperately trying to throw up. when nothing came out I felt defeated and fat. The next day I was looking up diets on youtube and found veganism. it sounded great! you could eat whatever and however much you wanted and loose weight. I ended up gaining 5 pounds. I was devastated. I joined track in a desperate attempt to look skinner. running as fast and as hard as I could with little to no food besides nuts and fruit. it didn't work well. that's when I started to restrict and eat less and less in attempt to look like the pretty girls. Slowley eating smaller and smaller portions. I would become crazed at numbers of calories in foods. it got to the point where I would barely eat 300 a day. it became the next school year after this. My body envy went insane. I was looking at girls who were clearly bigger then me thinking I was fatter and that they could eat whatever they wanted and still be skinner I thought it wasn't fair. My parents were very concerned. They set up doctors appointments and forced me to eat junk, within a week or so every time I would control my food again and eat less. less The last doctors appointment I went to was the children's hospital. they wanted me in an impatient program because of how malnourished I was. being stubborn I refused. My parents yet again force fed me food for a week. with milk and eggs. I couldn't be vegan anymore. but guess who went and still restricted __ it was a never ending cycle. I started getting in the low seventies. I was so happy and felt like I achieved something. So I ate less and less. Then I hit 66. This was 3 days before thanksgiving. the day came. I ate a muffin thinking it was okay because it was a holiday, that lead to another and another until finally it became a full on binge. the days and weeks after were continues binges. I feel ugly and sad. but finally it hits me that what I was doing wasn't attractive or healthy. I was dying. my hair was falling out. my cheekbones were poking out when they never were before. I continued to binge and binge all up until Christmas. I had gained several pounds and now weigh 77-78. I am eating healthier with little to no binges. I feel happier then I did in my toxic starving mind. sorry for any mistakes made in the paragraph. if any of you are going through the same thing just know that you are your own person and not anyone else. you can only ever be you. ______ and that's what makes everyone special.																																				I'm so pressed to be perfect I just want to give up..																																				anyone who makes fun of gabbie being bigger is like making fun of someone with a disorder. just go back and think of if that happened to you. think about what you have done.																																				You're fucking amazing.																																				________																																				Your words make me think a lot 	 I want to focus on me and healthy lifestyle and not on my weight! Thank you __ you're amazing																																			"I'm inlove with this video it's amazing favorite part ""your before picture can be someone's goal"""																																				Oh my god gabby this video made my day! Thank you so much I really needed something like this ______																																				I'm so sorry that's the same story for me I need to loose weight but my body won't let me i tried.																																				I remember that people would make hints about how i was overweight	 now im underweight but in my head im still that chubby little girl	 i struggle with depression now. People have no idea of the impact they can make on your life.																																		This was a beautiful video Gabbie. You are so brave for doing this.																																				Gabbie I just want you to know that you're an inspiration to me. I too have panic attacks and suffer from an eating disorder and yet you still fight on and work at being the person you want to be and not the person everyone else wants to be and your videos just make me sm happier. THANK YOU!!!!! Xxx																																				what is so wrong with being fat?																																				1:41 weird																																				I had an eating disorder through pretty much all of middle school and I seriously struggled with it. I just didn't ever want to eat. I still struggle with it where in if something bad happens or even mildly stressful I just stop eating for days	 then I binge eat. I'll probably always struggle with it and I'm really glad that you shared your story. You're my favorite youtuber and a huge inspiration to me. Thank you so much for being you. I love you and I want you to know you're beautiful and amazing. Thank you.																																			society makes an unrealistic standard for beauty. I am glad you've overcame your disorder. Keep it up you're so amazing. _																																				You're so brave	 I'm so sorry you had to go through that __																																			I really needed this																																				Please do another video on this																																				You are so brave for posting this. I struggle with binging and I'm over 300 pounds and to see that someone as beautiful as you struggles too really comforts me to know that I'm not alone and that if I work hard I can get healthy too. I've thought about documenting my attempt but I'm a little scared to. Thank you for sharing your story :) Take care and stay awesome.																																				I'm watching this now	 after being sexually abused and hating myself because of it. I was molested and I felt so worthless and I hated myself and stopped eating out of self hatred and sadness. But Gabbie's story and success makes me feel... kinda okay? I dunno.																																			I can't take you seriously when you say skinny minnie																																				When she was talking about the goldfish crackers I thought she was talking about actual goldfish __																																				this video is so sad but i have a question	 Is there men that have eating problems too cuz i do and i dont want to sound rude but i have been dealing with one for almost my whole life and i just want to know if there is other men who have been suffering																																			you are so beautiful. talk about your eating disorder in the next vid. go into details																																				I have that all time body positive trouble: every and each body is beautiful and unique except of my own...																																				I have an eating disorder. I have bulmia tendencies and am anorexic. 4'11 and 66 pounds. I eat 50-400. I used to weigh 90 lbs which is fine for my age and height	 but i thought I was fat. I also don't eat some days. Then I eat a lot. I can not swallow certain food	 like my favorite ones. Oreos	 cake	 and other stuff like that. I have it like one time a week and I will spit it out without even chewing because I felt so bad.																																How does loosening weight have to do with ur eating disorder?																																				Ew ur makeup is SO horrible. I look like a freaking clown. U look like u just got back from the gym (sweaty) ew clean it up__																																				Ur video made me cry! This is so inspirational and very difficult on me because I go through something similar	 thank you so much for sharing your story! God	 you have no idea how much this video has effected me and I just want to say thank you!																																		anyone who disliked this is s***bag																																				This hurts my heart Gab. I'm so glad you made this realization. You are beautiful exactly how you are.																																				i love this video, i love the end song, i love your story and i definitely love you. Thankyou Gabbie, this helps a lot and you are amazing. i'm so proud of you. Thankyou for existing. i love you.																																				kind of irritated at every girl on a diet claiming to have a serious mental illness.																																				Cabbie I'm proof of how far uve come. This really helped. Thank u for caring about us.																																				Gabbie can you please	 please caption your videos or talk slower? I love you but	 I'm hard of hearing and it's very difficult to keep up with you.																																		Just saw this.... But hang in there I'm trying to_______																																				I've had eating disorders since I was 12. I got into treatments when I was 13 because people at my school started noticing and they called my mom. For a while I thought I had everything under control and I followed every instruction	 I started gaining weight	 I was getting healthier physically and mentally. But one day I looked at myself in the mirror	 I steped on the scale and I did not like what I saw	 I went crazy. I went back to everything I had gone through	 and even worse than before. I was (and still am) disgusted by all the weight I had gained	 I was disgusted by my reflection	 by my own body. And I made a plan	 I would act like everything was extra fine and they would let me out	 eventually	 they did. Now I'm 15 years old and some days I feel like I want to get out of this	 but other days are awful. Some people don't realize the gravity of these kind of troubles and take it as a joke. These past years have been really hard for me and I don't wish this to anybody.																									Every video you're in (your channel and others) you ALWAYS talk about your weight etc and make fun of yourself. You're beautiful	 I hope you know this																																			I have struggled a lot within the past few years	 I was diagnosed with social anxiety disorder	 generalized anxiety disorder	 panic disorder	 severe depression	 ADD and possible Paranoia. I have also struggled with self harm and an eating disorder. It's great to see someone I look up to	 openly speaking about such a serious subject such as this.																														"My favourite thing is your realization of comparison's evils. My entire life, I've been surround by toxic elements. ""I'm so fat, I wish I had I different body."" ""I'm too fat"" ""I need to stop eating."" ""If you eat so much, you'll gain weight and never be able to lose it."" A lot of these said by those my weight or a little higher. My friend Unnamed (let's call her Ash), Ash was 5'8 and 130-150 lbs. This is fairly healthy. I, on the the other hand, am 5'7 and usually 105. I'm underweight and my doctor is on my case about it. She will look at me like I'm goals, ribs and hip bones showing, and it scares me. I'm working on my self confidence, I watch a certain cynical and brutally honest YouTuber who's surprisingly brought up my confidence, but because I'm around these people who will poke and prod me, comparing what I want to be (them), to what they want to be, saying their fat, it plagues my mind. Making me think ""Hey, you're getting heavy."" ""Hey, maybe you should watch that."" And I'm really happy right now (well, I'm on my period. I'm never happy on that), but I'm also glad Gabbie found the truth about comparison. Comparison will plague your mind, it's toxic."																																				"My favourite thing is your realization of comparison's evils. My entire life, I've been surround by toxic elements. ""I'm so fat, I wish I had I different body."" ""I'm too fat"" ""I need to stop eating."" ""If you eat so much, you'll gain weight and never be able to lose it."" A lot of these said by those my weight or a little higher. My friend Unnamed (let's call her Ash), Ash was 5'8 and 130-150 lbs. This is fairly healthy. I, on the the other hand, am 5'7 and usually 105. I'm underweight and my doctor is on my case about it. She will look at me like I'm goals, ribs and hip bones showing, and it scares me. I'm working on my self confidence, I watch a certain cynical and brutally honest YouTuber who's surprisingly brought up my confidence, but because I'm around these people who will poke and prod me, comparing what I want to be (them), to what they want to be, saying their fat, it plagues my mind. Making me think ""Hey, you're getting heavy."" ""Hey, maybe you should watch that."" And I'm really happy right now (well, I'm on my period. I'm never happy on that), but I'm also glad Gabby found the truth about comparison. Comparison will plague your mind, it's toxic."																																				I've decided that I dont want to think about what I'm putting into my body to hard because thats when you get an eating disorder. I'm able to walk	 run	 jog	 excerise	 eat	 everything without trouble. Why push my body any further. I have other things to worry about more than just food. And gabbie. You dont even look fat. But then again	 i dont judge and think every shape is normal																														Gabbie	 I know you may never read this but I just wanted to let you know	 that this video almost broke me to tears. This video really helped me. I have a lot of struggles with confidence and even tried to stop eating. I never developed something serious like you	 or other people. But I still continue to compare myself to other girls. I endlessly try to stop. This video really inspired me to try and stop ___																																	This video hit me like a well needed truck to the face.																																				Wow that's very sad. Hope you come over it!																																				The internet is such an easy place to get mean and ugly with complete strangers. People are always looking at others and commenting on their appearance and pointing out every negative flaw. You just rehumanized the internet and I would like to say thank you.																																				I'm watching this whilst eating																																				I know this was posted a while ago but the things your talking about in this video are exactly what I think everyday I'm really fat and I know that but I'm also quite young so I kept telling myself it was fine and I don't have to lose weight yet and carried on eating junk For 2 years I have been obsessing over my weight but this is a real eye opener thank u so much gabble I love u ____																																				I yo-yo a lot! When it comes to eating there's no in between with me. Either I'm really healthy and watching ever bite I eat or I am binge eating due to depression or anxiety. This video has helped me realize that I do have these problems. I also never realized that my before body might actually be someone's goal. I never take compliments well which I am trying to work on. I simply never know how to react when people give me compliments. Therefore I'm usually very awkward. Anyways the point of this long comment is I saved your video in my favorites and everytime I feel like I am struggling to keep a balance or just need a little wake up call I'm going to rewatch this. This has truly helped me. Thank-you so much Gabbie!																																				I got over bulimia and now I'm anorexic																																				"Gabbie, Thankyou xxxx As someone who has just gained 30 pounds in a last 4 months while recovering from eating disorders you have been inspiring me... and i'm not easily inspired. I weigh more now than i have in years and it's thanks to you and other body positive accounts that i've been able to say ""fuck, i'm sexy and i'm going to be confident about it"". As you said, it's something that will always be there but i really mean it when i say thankyou... you've really inspired me to be body positive and stop beating myself up for being human. much love xxx"																																				just started watching hoping you don't cry cuz I will and I'm in class lol																																				"This video broke my heart. My whole life I was teased horribly because of my weight; and only in the past couple years (I'm 23) have I actually lost weight and gotten into better shape. However, because I was called fat most of my life that even when I wasn't, I still considered myself fat. My friends, my parents, even my girlfriend don't understand it, but if someone has something drilled into their head long enough they WILL start to believe it. In this case, it's a damn shame because this girl is beautiful. Like, wow. It's a sad day when a woman as beautiful and as funny as gabby is reduced to tears because of this kind of thing. I hope she works through it."																																				Gabbie I rewatched this video after a few months and just want to say thank you. This video changed the way that I look at myself and to stop being so harsh about what other people say. This video made me realize	 that I just gotta be me.																																			i wish i was fatter. im so skinny	 people call me anorexic when im not and it kinda hurts.																																			Wait gabbie isn't naturally skinny? I'm shook																																				oh my gosh. wow. this is such an amazing story thank you. I have never truly struggled with an eating disorder but I've gotten very close. you are so inspirational and beautiful and wonderful and overall amazing. thank you for telling us this story. thank you for being you.																																				You slay																																				gabby you actually made my day. I think a lot of people (inclouding myself) are comstantly worrying aboit their weight or in general their looks. No one can hurt us as much as we hurt ourselfs with this behaviour. Stay strong you are beatifull																																				I'm 13 and I've always been a healthy weight, but closer to being fat than skinny. When I look in the mirror the first things I notice are my fat thighs and acne. I have no good or close friends, as the girl who was my 'best friend' in junior school ditched me in senior school and everyone had already made friendship groups by then. All the people in my class are naturally skinny and beautiful and I can't help comparing my body to everyone elses. I have tried to to make myself vomit but couldn't and every time after I eat I regret it so badly that I want to starve myself but can't, because I have no self control. My mum is always on a diet and we have no junk food or sugar in the house but around every two weeks, I break down and secretly buy 1000 calories of sweets and junk food and eat it in an hour, and then skip dinner. I do sport 5 times a week and walk to school every day but I still look fat and ugly. I really want to look like the skinny girls in my class but I don't know how because I don't have enough self control. Sometimes at school I feel so sad and empty that I go to the toilet and cry but no one ever noticed how sad and lonely I am. I have stopped feeling many emotions in the past 2 years but sometimes I just feel so sad and hopeless. The only thing that keeps me going is the idea of a fresh start in university. It felt good to type all that out.																																				We love you regardless of your weight	 Gabs__ thank you for opening up to us. We love you!!																																			Okay this is really bad but I thought she meant actual live goldfish when she said that and I was like WTF																																				Your such an amazing role model __ thank you																																				aw gabs i love you																																				i love you.																																				"I'm 5'6 1/2 and I weigh 98 lbs but honestly I feel so overweight. I constantly go to the bathroom at school to look in the mirror and I pinch my thighs and stomach. I naturally have a small frame and I've been told that I am skinny my whole life so it's almost like I have something to prove because being small has always been my ""thing"". I remember when I went to the doctor one time and my weight came out as 100 lbs I bawled my eyes out. I skip meals, lie, and exercise like a maniac. I find videos like these so inspiring and I know it must be so hard to come out on the Internet and talk about things that are very personal and sensitive. I also know that videos like these inspire me and lots of others to work on a healthy mindset. Much love!!____"																																				More like you realised you had an eating disorder when you found out how many views people with eating disorders get on YouTube																																				Do a draw my life																																				girl i hear you and admire you for coming out and telling your viewers about your eating disorder. I also struggle with eating disorders and know how hard it is to get through them and specially how hard it is to admit that you have one. thank you so much for telling your story! you are inspiring :)																																				Thank you for making this video. ): I'm sorry you go through this I know it's tough.																																				I'm kinda the opposite. I suffer from binge eating disorder. I didn't even know that was a thing. I would look at myself after my binge sessions and cry cause I was so convinced I was fat cause my friends are prettier and I thought that made me fat and ugly by comparison. I haven't told my mom cause she would either want me get help or think I'm dramatic but my friends would tell me that they would look up the symptoms and that they fit me perfectly but at first I didn't believe them cause it's just the internet but I have recently discovered that they're right. I'm not even fat I look like a normal 15 year old my belly just sticks out a bit but I'm scared cause my entire family suffers from obesity. It's in my blood line amd it's most likely gonna affect me and I'll be judged at school more than I already am.... I trust my cousin with all of this cause she is the only one who semi understands.																																				this helped me a lot thank you so much im nicknamed skeleton because the people who call me that dont get how my mind set is at the moment. they dont understand that i cant help it that sometimes it hurts to eat but im all good now im gonna eat 3 meals and be healthy i may be very skinny but im strong and can fight out of this terrible mind set. thank you																																				love that gurl__																																				i dont gwt why everyone keep making fun of her nose	 shes gorgeus like she is.																																			I just realised I might have an eating disorder. Please tell me if this is an eating disorder: I think of my fat. I eat when I'm upset about my weight. I don't eat when I'm upset about my weight when I feel depressed. I cry in fitting rooms when clothes too small for my age don't fit. I cry doing my hair as I have to look in a mirror. When looking in a mirror I put on a dressing gown so I can see if I would look better if skinny because I tighten my cord of my dressing gown around my waist to look thin. And I look at girls who vomit up their food and are anorexic and wish I was them because I think they look pretty. My parents and friends say I'm fine but last year I wouldn't eat for a month and my parents had to beg me to eat and didn't believe I had problems and if I told them I think I'm depressed or have an eating disorder they would laugh	 but I do laugh and have fun although I have thoughts about killing myself and the only reason I don't is I'm scared about what happens after death. AND I'M ONLY 13! Please tell me if this is normal?																																			gabbie could we have a more detailed video on this please x																																				When i first got in my teenager phase, i was like 12, and at that point i kinda started worrying about my look, but not in a dangerous way or so. But after a year, I ALWAYS compared my body to women like Elizabeth Olsen, Scarlett Johansson and many others, though they all had a difference body shape, however: I was most concerned about my hollow back, that's when your back is really bent to the inside, your butt is more stretched out and your belly gets round, and I hated it. I felt like a duck and never wore something normal sized or just something tight like normal t-shirts or tops and so on, only really big and wide stuff so no one could see it. Actually I was really well with the rest of my body, maybe I worried a bit about my thighs but i haven't had like a problem with em yet. But well, it was summer season and of course i wanted to go swimming with my friends, so standing their in a bikini where you can totally see my back, made me really insecure. But it wouldn't stop me, fun has always been the most important thing for me, so I couldn't just let it ruin bc i felt insecure about my back. The first day I felt really awkward, I mean it was the first summer I really gave attention to my look. I started carrying about my legs and started doing sit ups, 50 sit ups a day for 2 whole months. I ate less sweets and candys, had much healthy food but it didn't affect my body in any way. Wether my back got in a better possition or my legs got any thinner with crunches. It wasn't even bc i felt fat or anything, i always found wide hips and 'big' thighs really sweet, ya know what I mean. I wasn't overweight but i did have a little bit more on my thighs and my belly. The only thing I hated on my thighs was the inside. So now I had my back and my legs and even sports didn't help. I had to accept it and idk how, but one evening, from one second to another, my whole mind and oppinion about my body changed. I realized that I don't have to be emberrased bc if my back, it's a 'physical issue' and why should I care if people see it when I'm swimming, i can't change it and it's not my problem if people thought it looked weird, sorry, can't help it. I alsi realized that thighs are supposed to look like mine and that there the inside is completely fine and i really started loving them, ikr this sounds strange. It's okay to have like a little struggle with a part of your body, i think nobody things that theyselves look 100% perfect. I still don't like my back and wear wide stuff bc i don't like the way it looks, but why should that stop me having fun and going swimming? I cover it if I can, and sometimes I just can't cover it so I accepted it. I feel well the way I looked and realized that the worst thung you can do is comparison and to care about others oppinions on your body, bc YOU have to feel well in it. and in fact i'm really confident rn and like my body the way it looks. Always look on the briiight side of life whistle																																				You're incredible	 Gab__																																			When I first seen this vid	 I started kind of thinking that I might have been doing the same stuff as you because I never really eat lunch or breakfast for most days	 but I would eat fatty foods all day for other days	 but I would always have to go to track and that only make me go on the scale and see that I'm overweight. But this was all this year	 in 6th grade it just makes me feel bad __ I hope I could get more healthy like you did																																Ilysm gabbie keep doing what you are doing. Your great																																				Gabby	 you're beautiful.																																			M grandma called me saying i was too skinny which is annoying because I think I'm fine. And I don't avoid eating or anything. I eat what I want when I want I'm just naturally thin like my father. Watching this helped me to see I don't have a problem. I eat almost 1900 Cal a day if I'm at work when I'm not at work my mom cooks awesome meals and I eat more. My grandma is just worried i guess because I'm not 200 lbs plus like her side of the family.:/																																				I'm looking at gabbie and the way she keeps being on the verge of crying it gets me sad like it's also your choice to upload a video if you are comfortable with it it's good that you shared this with us but there are somethings that are too personal that you dont have to tell because it's too hard for you and that's ok too. All I'm saying is that you have the choice to make which video you want to be on YouTube if you are comfortable with it.																																				About the comparison thing	 a dance teacher told us that never compare	 because you will only end up bitter or vain	 because there will always be someone better than you and someone worse than you. She said this in the context of dance	 but I use that in all walks of life.																																thank you for this you have made me relised what I am doing to my self and I actually want to help myself and get therepy I love you so much ____																																				Totally a late comment now but we love you Gab and just want you to be happy. Stay strong	 I love you ____																																			Ok but that app that tracks calories is actually a devil.																																				It's weird how similar my situation is. All my life I have felt fat but then a couple of years ago I started getting some confidence and start eating normally. And now I'm barely eating again because my whole family keeps making comments about how fat I am	 since my sister is so skinny. But sometimes other people say that I'm skinny	 but sadly that's not enough	 all I see in the mirror is fat																																	I am so sad in life and I just cant move on HELP.... I CRY EVER DAY... I can stop getting push around																																				I eat so much one day and then for the past 2-3 days I don't eat anything does that mean I've got an eating disorder																																				You really helped me...I am going to the gym 3 days a week and doing gymnastics 2 times a week :) I will be praying for you..you are very inspire in to me and to thousands of pepole..you really opend my eyes I always thought I was fat and big and discussing... :( thank you for your words even thow I know they weren't derectly to me..I live in Lima Per but I am from Miami I would of wished I could have the opportunity to meet you....love you so much gabbie! Bye..																																				I just starve myself																																				This was such a nice video	 im currently working on getting over bpd & im doing really good. Your words are very encouraging	 and its nice to hear someone understand. You should go into more depth	 this is probably the most relatable video ive watched. Thank you (:																																	Thank you for this video. Honestly. Thank you.																																				"I'm the opposite.. My whole like I've always thought I was two skinny, I had the smallest wrists and the smallest muscles.. And I didn't want that.. I wanted muscle, and all my ""friends"" wanted to be skinnier.. But I feel like I'm never going to be getting ""bigger"" cause all I eat is junk and I don't take care of myself.. And it's just so hard for me. I don't tell my parents cause they have always thought of me as being happy of my body... But I'm not, I have skinny arms, legs, waist, etc! And since of been eating more (this sounds funny buts its killing me inside) My body isn't getting bigger but only my face and head are getting bigger.. Probably 75% of you just laughed at that, but it's eating me away in the inside.."																																				Love you your a wonderful person	women	and human being																																		Hero status ! I am beyond proud of you for being bold. This video has an impact I am proud to share ( with friends and etc ) and the lesson of this video is actually a personal experience and tip I like to share as well . Thank you for being a difference.																																				I've literally done this for like months now..... I didn't know it was considered an eating disorder __																																				"I don't know if I have a eating disorder but I can relate to avoiding food and binge eating for a day then not eating for a while after. I'm 13 and in 8th grade I have depression and have almost killed myself. I hate my body so much, and I can't help but think that 130 lbs is over weight I constantly look up if I am and if I see one thing saying I am I'm straight up not eating. I hate my body for almost every reason imaginable. I used to love to sing I still do,but I don't sing that much anymore because my family is constantly telling me to, ""shut the hell up"" . I can't stand looking in the mirror a lot. My friends try to get me to eat and I refuse most of the time. Do you think I might need help? I am not seeing a therapist about anything at all. My parents haven't taken me to one even though I've yelled at them that I want to die. I really look up to you as a goal for a body type. I would really like you to respond back even if it's a ""it'll get better"" I look up to you as a role model I find you funny and I wish I had enough confidence to joke about myself as you do. Your so pretty and smart, but you are also human. I find your videos to be something that makes my day better. Sometimes one of your jokes will make me laugh even when I'm not in the mood to laugh.-sky"																																				"Dear Gabbie, Thank you for sharing all of this with us. It's sad, yes but it helps us have a better bond with you (if that makes sense). I want you to know that I'm here for you (even tho I'm miles away). But now I'm gonna get a little funny, I LAUGHED WHEN YOU SAID ""FUCK IT AND ATE SOME GOLDFISH"" But please share more serious videos"																																				I honestly think I'm huge	 and I hate it when my friends call themselves fat when they aren't so I just keep it to myself																																			Thank you for sharing	 I appreciate it so much thank you for telling me (it feels like you spoke to just me __) to stop worrying about shedding #s off of my jean size and start shedding #s on my mile. You couldn't have said it at a better time :) and I totally understand you . Thanks for using your platform for positivity																																			wifi	 then i'm good	Gabbie\everyone you are beautiful just the way you are it's what's on the inside that counts.																																		This video has	 to say the least	 opened my eyes. It brought me to tears just hearing what you had to say to inspire other women and young girls out there who are uncomfortable with their bodies. I too am not happy with my body which I've been told I should be	 but	 I'm not. This video has made me realize that I too	 have an eating disorder. I didn't consider it an eating disorder. I thought I was just doing the best for my body but I guess I was wrong. I will eat a bunch of snacks in a day or a couple of days and I'll stop eating for 5 days or like a week to make up for it. It would come to the point where I'd sleep all day so I'd have an excuse for not eating. To be honest I still do this now. I didn't realize that I was so unhappy with my body that I was willing to deprive myself of food just to lose weight. Thank you so much for opening my eyes to this. I greatly appreciate it. Keep up your fight Gabbie. I'm here for you.																															Damn! I wish I had you & this video when I was in school! Awesome video. The best video you've ever made! ______																																				i don't have an eating disorder but up until I was six I was stuck at 59 pounds like I literally could NOT pass it then one day I did and then I got scared to eat meat (don't ask) so I was eating meat and I got really skinny and bony and my ribs were showing but I still felt okay and i lost alot of wieght like I went to like 48 pounds but my mom told me eating meat was okay so I started eating it again																																				I never cry. This LITERALLY brought me to tears. Happy tears. Thank you for opening my eyes.																																				Your body is beautiful _																																				chillen when you spending some time girl there is nothing better whatever we do it will be fine it don't matter the weather hit up the mall right after school meet you outside at 3 go see a movie buy something cool as long as your here with me but I know I know when where far apart it doesn't seem to change a thing at all when you close your eyes now that I will be there with you when your happy inside no that I will feel it to when your caught in a tide no that I'm here to save you cause your always on my mind all day and night love you																																				Why do people keep posting their pain on YouTube? I just don't understand.																																				Gabbie you are sooooo inspiring and the fact that you always stay happy even when people try to bring you down makes me feel so happy i love your videos stay strong and stay you																																				Tbh I wish I had your body. I'm confident in my own body but sometimes I think how much I used to think I'm fat and now when people say I should maybe lose some weight I get so mad cuz I spent all this time trying to lose weight and being underweight	 being watched like a hawk to make sure I eat 3 times a day. I would eat 3 meals a day but overall it only added up to maybe half a meal. I'm still trying to be healthy even though sometimes I'm consumed by weight. When I first watched you	 I was too scared to click this video cuz I didn't want to think wow maybe I should start eating more. But now I'm just in envy of your body figure and your personality overall an ugh I just love you so much																																		I think it'd be really helpful if you told your journey___																																				You're beautiful	 even better	 you're real. I love you	 and your videos! <3																																	"Omg Gabbie you are such an inspiration to me! You sharing this video opened my eyes to be okay with myself. I struggled with a eating disorder and like you, I never viewed myself as a ""skinny minnie"" but my family said I've lost weight but I get frustrated because I don't think I have. It truly is a struggle and till this day I've had thoughts about doing it again but you honestly did make me feel like I should love myself just the way I am. Thank you so much and I love you Gab! __"																																				Amen																																				I love u! You are my idol_																																				Does it hurt you when david and all that make fun of your wieght? Like i know you laugh and act like its a joke but thats what i do when my friends laugh at my insecuritys.so does it really hurt you?																																				how much does she weigh?																																				most people won't read this, but the people that do... you are wonderful, pretty, handsome and funny. you don't need to change because it all doesn't matter on the outside, it matters what is on the inside! thank you for spending time on reading my comment. thank you. I hope you have a very awesome day!!!__ I hope all of you guys have a happy new years!!!____																																				Ok I'm probably.gonna sound like an asshole rn for not commenting something beautiful and inspiring but whats the song at the end? I can't figure it out and it reminds me of my mom and she died last year so please help.																																				Beautiful._																																				my eating disorder is hard tbh.... and I don't expect sympathy but I need to rant so here goes..... It started when I was like 5/6 idrk and I was eating a cookie 	 it was in my mouth and I spat it out 	 obviously my mother just assumed i didn't like it 	 then for dinner she made my favourite pasta and I spat it straight out 	 she was telling me to eat it and I was saying it makes my stomach hurt 	 she tried over and over to get me to eat ... she eventually took me to hospital as I was struggling to breathe and they then told me I have an eating disorder... one of the worst days of my life 	 and I still can't eat properly..... I have a tube....																														I had an eating disorder from the pain of IBS and OH MY GOD THAT NOT BEING ABLE TO SWALLOW THING IS SO TRUE!! I think it's linked to depression cause you know that staring at your toothbrush unable to put it in your mouth feeling? Yeah	 except I feel like it's partially that how you can't physically swallow but also slightly mental cause of like the fear of the burning pain and contractions once it reaches your stomach																																			Thank you so much for making this gabbie it's helped me so much																																				I am fat and I'm told IV been told by my little sis.....she's 4....__ LIFE																																				my brother always calls me names like fat	 chubby	 ugly	 etc. and so that's all I think I am	 fat	 chubby	 ugly etc.																														I can eat breakfast and go without food for the rest of the day because I don't feel hungry.																																				"I have struggled... for a little over a year now. I guess it started when this guy left me for my best friend and I thought what I did wrong... i started not wanting to eat and having like usually a quarter of like a half sandwich.... i didnt realize it probably was an eating disorder... and honestly i still dont know if it was. I then met this other guy who kind of saved me from the major heartbreak that I was going through. I guess I had to high expectations. or NORMAL expectations, because it turns out, even though this guy was and still is very hot and charming at first... I mean he is fucked up. like narcissistic fucked up... anyway, he asked me to do something disgusting and I said no and then guess what... he went to my fucking best friend... twice, everyone in 1 fucking year... i then got rejected by a guy who said ""I mean you are used to getting rejected"" and apparently this guy knew every guy at my school and they made fun of me. I then found out that 2 of my best frind liked the 2nd guy.. the narcissistic one... that broke my heart, and trust me they fuckin went for it... so then after summer vacation probably like the second month of school i find out, my other best friend had been lying to my face several times for over a fucking year!!!!!!!! she apparently liked the 2nd guy too and she said she had for a year. I along the course of this story had been rejected 5 times and yes by 5 different guys... I then started being more on the internet and more self aware of my body... I then started to cut myself. yes you read right...: cut myself. and well one of the same fucking girls who liked the narcissist told me, she and the very first guy were flirting.. the first guy.. i mean he as an amazing person really and i was kinda still in love with him and she full on knew that. i then told her one day that i didnt think it was loyal of her to flirt with the same guy, who broke my heart into 1000000 pieces and even though it was a while ago he is just still that 1 person that will always find a way to my heart and that 1 guy i think about every waking moment of my exsistence (probably not spelled correctly) and she then said and I quote ""well you couldve been friends with him and you didnt talk so poorly about him... and the same with ....(the name of the narcissist)"" that really broke my heart (and btw when i said i started cutting myself, its because i had been trying to lose wight but i couldnt and i was pissed at myself and ashamed and i am still pissed at myself like i feel so useless and not enough"". im gonna just jump like a month of cutting and sadness ahead to christmas time. this year i havent been in christmas mode. i for a week tried to throw up after every little thing i ate and it never worked. i tried 6 different methods and some of them twice and nothing worked... guess what that resulted in... MORE FUCKING CUTTING! I kept thinking ""whi cant i do what everyone on this earth can do... why am i never enough?"" i then tried to just simply eat less... i can surely say i had an eating disorder and i probably still do.... i then watched a video by @nataliataylor and then i just 3 days ago became vegan... if i dont lose weight by doing this.... im not gonna know what to do with myself. please no hate please and i am sure there are people who have it much worse but this is hell TO ME. Maybe this is easy for other people but just dont say anything until youve ogne through the exact same thing. and again NO HATE NO HATE NO HATE NO HATE NO HATE! It is the last thing i want. and sry for the rant i just needed it"																																				Hi! most people won't read this but the people that do	 you are perfect just the way you are	 don't let anybody bring you down! you are so pretty in the inside and the outside. thank you for spending your time to read my comment! And just remember you are wooonnndddeeerrrrffffuuulll!!!!!																																		Thai is such a good message saying that you be you and I love it good job gabbie																																				This deserves many more likes. It gave me chills																																				"I've never experienced and eating disorder, and I've luckily always been a pretty healthy person, and this made me really think about what girls (and possibly guys) around me struggle with everyday. Girls at my school who I have heard been called ""fat"" multiple times I'm almost positive starve themselves because of what people say about them and how they feel about themselves. It's just so troubling to think how early these things start and how long they go on just because of someone's body type__"																																				Gabble I really appreciate this story	 it takes a lot of courage to come out with this. I had anorexia and it was the fucking hardest thing. I am very proud you have come over your eating disorder. All the best x																																			Gabbie you are such an amazing	 gorgeous	 beautiful human being. I hope you're doing better and that you are happy. I love you!																																		Ha I wonder how David feels now																																				this is so inspirational It definitely made me feel less alone and the same with lots of other people thank you soo much!!																																				"I'm so fucking raged about this video gabby I hate it when skinny fucking bitches say ""oh I'm so fat"" WELL GUESS THE FUCK WHAT! IF YOU'RE FAT THEN WHAT AM I? MORBIDLY FUCKING OBESE?"																																				thanks for sharing this. I'm only just trying to overcome my own eating disorder - I haven't even found a way to talk to my family about it yet. It's so stigmatized (which is ridiculous because it's so common) and emotional. I hope I can make some progress.																																				gabbi this Is amazing I have eating disorders but I don't really talk about it coz no one gets it but when u said focusing on health rather than weight __ I liked that																																				______																																				You are so beautiful and everyone are beautiful so don't stop being yourself Gabb__																																				This video made me feel differently about her_																																				This helped me so much Gab :) I needed this. I've been bulimic for about 3 years and I haven't purged in 2 months but these past holidays I've been so tempted. This reminded me that my health is more important. Tysm Gabbie ((:																																				my friends say they wish they could be like me.......but I want to freaking kill myself because of how fat I am!!! I always thought I was average but every day my parents tell me I'm fat so I still don't eat anymore. so now every night for dinner I drink less than half a glass of chocolate milk. when my friends like at me they see a young pretty girl but I see a ugly fat dog...__																																				Gabbie u make me feel more happy thank u for sharing this____																																				you should do a video telling full story's and going in depth about it																																				i tend to eat when im scared	 nervous	 and depressed. By the 3rd grade i was 130lbs. I have very bad anxiety and i look down on myself. Every time i wanted to make a change or start working out	 i felt i couldn't do it. For 6 months i purged after eating but didn't see any results	 so then i tried skipping meals for days but that just made me sick. For about 2 months i mixed a whole bunch of diet pills but my time schedule didn't allow me time to take them for long	 however i saw minor results. Now i'm trying to eat smaller portions. At times i say to myself that i'm to overweight	 and then when i get tired of working out i say that i look fine. About 4 months ago I started watching Loey Lane Vlogs (check her out on youtube!!) I currently tell myself why be sad about something	 when i have the power to change it. I really hope this helps at least someone.																													No matter how much people will tell to love yourself the way you're	 I will still hate my body and myself for not loosing any weight																																			"When you said goldfish I thought you meant literal goldfish and so when you said ""I ate a few"" I was like "" WHAT?!"", but then I remembered that's an American snack..."																																				I'm 5'2 I've been as small as 110 to 130 got pregnant hit almost 200 had a miscarriage . went down to 130 with in 4months I was still am depressed about my weight never feeling pretty. I'm 170 now I'm 10 weeks pregnant n I feel like such a slob . I'm super happy I'm expecting	 I wouldn't have it anyother way. but it's crazy for me to be so selfish																																			"I always find myself comparing to my body to others. Everyone around me are so skinny. They are fit and I'm here constantly thinking about what I look like or if My stomach is sucked in enough. One day I was being so down on myself that i personally went to one of my best friends and asked her if i was fat. She then said no and i continued to ask if i was fat COMPARED to the people in our class. She said ""No, but you are on the larger side"" This hit me hard b/c it basically confirmed all the insecurities i had about my body. Everyday I wish that i looked like the people around me. I think mainly the reason for that is because I think that's the only body type all the boys will want. I know thats a horrible thing to think but i honestly don't know how to stop my mind from going there."																																				wow this video really amazing and I'm gonna cry ______																																				I weigh 54 pounds and I'm 10																																				this video hit me hard because I know exactly how it feels. It's not that I knew I had an eating disorder it's just that I don't feel like eating some times. I thought everything was fine until all my friends were like hey dude you really need to eat. I'm probably one of the skinniest if not the skinniest girl in my school and I still feel fat and like I'm not good enough for anyone. I'm fighting constant battles with myself and it gets extremely difficult at times																																				Hey bronchitis that lady had a cute bronchitis which is alum disorder that only last a few days to a week but I have chronic bronchitis which is like coming down below if you have something similar																																				I need to hear more I've tried to binge so bad																																				Great Story	 I'm so glad you're trying to be healthier and such gabbie and it helps me feel not quite as alone so thank you :)																																			I can Relate 100% to this vid. Gabbie.. you opend my eyes more and i have a story similar to yours. Thank you xoxo																																				More depth pls I hope you are better now __																																				"My problem isn't that I feel fat or was bullied (Or, I was bullied, and I did try to restrain myself from eating, so that might be the cause of my current problem) but I just don't want food, I don't see the temptation in food, people are like ""YEEEEY, WE ARE HAVING CAKE AT SCHOOL"" and I just sit there like ""Yeey... I am just hyped to not look like a loner..."" (xD) and I can't eat huge amounts of food, I always think about food, since when was last time I ate, or am I going out soon? If, then I'll not eat (I disgust not eating when I am at someone's house, it's just rude) and all these thoughts, I've only told one friend, but more and more people are pointing it out to me, I am slowly progressing and my friend is also supporting me throughout, but I also have this inner though ""I don't want to be fat again""... So I am kinda stuck, I may look for help, but since I still am progressing, I see no reason to... But I don't know if one day I'll just stop, or where to stop, or what to actually achieve... Ugh... Any advice anyone? (I am a guy BTW, because if I don't say it, everyone will assume I am a girl because I have an eating disorder)"																																				"I disgust people who connect eating disorder to ""girls who were called fat, so they ate less"" eating disorder is not purely for girls, I am a guy, and I have an eating disorder, (Many people think it's just for girls) neither is it just people who struggle to eat enough, it's also people who struggle with eating too much, or eating certain types of food, or just any psychological problem with eating, that's an eating disorder"																																				you are awesome :)																																				Someone told me over and over that I was really fat and my stomach was out of shape but guess what I don't care I am who I am and if I am fat let me be fat .																																				Those nervous laughs at the start broke my heart __																																				I've been training for a half marathon and have the same struggle with my weight. Yesterday I skipped the gym and had a terrible eating day. Today I was planning on skipping out on eating	 now I will not. Thank you																																			Go Gabbie !!!!!!!																																				im so sorry gab please tell us more <3																																				You are perfect the way you are	 you are beautiful and kind and you are a role model to so many people. :)																																			That's so horrible girl :(( My whole life I was told I was fat but I really wasn't.. girls that were just skinnier than me told me that. And I started to become so self conscious and my weight fluctuated a lot through middle school and 9th grade. Then 10th grade I started to gain and that's when stuff started to get bad and it still is	 but watching videos like this does REALLY help. I wish everyone saw themselves as beautiful.																																			My girlfriend has an eating disorder. She's doing the same thing you said you did. Now she's starting to get help but she's still really stressed and anxious about it. She limits her calories too. Does anyone know any tips as to how I can help her? I wish I could do more and be there for her and help her more																																				Gabbie you are beautiful	 thank you so much.																																			I am crying hysterically while watching this. I'm 16 and I've struggled with anorexia, bulimia, and body dysmorphia for almost 4 years. I've been watching Gabbie for around a year now. I don't watch weekly, I just binge watch randomly lol. I noticed some things she would say or do that I could relate to. But I still felt like she was perfect. At one point, she was my motivation for exercising because I wanted to look healthy and be like her, and have a bigger butt,etc. Not gonna go into detail, don't wanna sound creepy. But that's what eating disorders are like. But it really made me realize that she's a person too, and no matter how perfect she looks to me, she's going through the same thing I am. She understands the constant worrying, the obsession with weight and how other people see me. It really hit home, knowing that she's going through something very personal to me. Even if you don't like her as a youtuber, she is a person, and she goes through really tough struggles. And you really don't know how hard it is until you go through it. Eating disorders are a hell inside of yourself. This really made me look at Gabbie in such a different way. I don't just look at her as my favorite youtuber. She is a PERSON. And I UNDERSTAND how she feels. It's not just another story of hers that I'm listening to, I have personally dealt with these same feelings, and it's just as real to her as it is to me. I'm positive she won't read this. But she still deserves it: We love you Gabbie. Stay strong. It will. get better. You are beautiful. __																																				I relate to this so much																																				I know this was 5 months ago but I'm just seeing it now. So here goes. Gabbie I'm so proud of you for sharing this. I'm 14 and have been struggling with eating disorders for a while too. One thing I've learned is that the eating disorder will never go away	 but it becomes easier to bear. I may not be at that point right now but there was a time where eating was a bit easier after I had gotten out of the hospitals for a while. Maybe one day I'll be able to get back at that point. Maybe one day I'll be the girl before my eating disorder. I mean I was already hella skinny so Idk what I was seeing back then. Now I'm so much bigger	 which makes me annoyed because my body would still be skinny if I hadn't let my mind and thoughts get ahead of me. Right now I think you have a absolutely stunning	 and amazing body. You always have. I'm happy that you're trying to move past this	 because it's hard to watch someone struggle with such a life threatening disease. Especially someone as beautiful as you. You have a great personality that everyone loves and enjoys. Thank you so much for sharing	 and never ever be ashamed! __																															having an eating disorder is something i wouldn't wish on anyone. it's horrible psychological torture. because you're never happy unless you're starving and even then you feel terrible. it's living at the doctors	 not being able to have a bowel movement	 awful hunger pains	 extreme fatigue and nausea	 freezing all the time	 sinus Brady and many many others. the extreme guilt you feel after even chewing a piece of gum and the self loathing and hatred you have toward your body. never feeling good enough. always feeling fat. an eating disorder is something that I may struggle with for the rest of my life and it's living hell.																															Gabbie	 I love you	 you've inspired me so much (my mom hates Ême being on the internet but when she's not home I come on and watch your videos) you've helped me so much through tough times and you make me laugh love you so much I wish I could meet you and I think your so pretty I don't understand how anyone could hate on your videos																																		Well this is me I always think I'm fat every single day	 and I don't eat properly aswell	 and I don't ever weigh myself cause I don't want to see the number of the scale	 apparently I starve myself but I'm not sure I think so aswell	 but I'm depressed aswell so I am negative to myself a lot																																Gabbie I'm not saying u should because I love u but if u want to lose weight so bad	 q better heather way is to take weight loss gummies																																			I didn't know she made this	 Gabbie please tag me in muscally I follow u and comment all the time	 I re posted one of ur muscallys @ashlyn.lol																																		______																																				YOU ARE TRULY AMAZING FOR POSTING THIS!																																				im overweight and dont think i can lose weight i tried before and done it but now idk																																				You are so beautiful Gabby!!!!!!!! ____																																				When she said she ate a goldfish I thought she meant an actual goldfish____																																				I'm also so glad that you got through this I'm so happy for you ____																																				if you could get through it can you please do a in depth video																																				"""Your before photo is someone's goals photo"" wow. I have to quote her on that"																																				I think you should do an in depth talk through about this but only if you can and want to <3																																				Gabby I know this video is really old but it was super inspiring and I think you should make more videos like this because you are helping other people by sharing your story.																																				I'm in 7th grade and I have sorta struggled with eating disorders around 4-5th grade I was always really fat when 6th grade hit I had my growth spurt and got super skinny all the weight just dropped tho I was never hungry I wouldn't eat anything even when I would I wouldnt feel anything not even a since of like fullness nothing it got to the point where my parents where like you gotta eat something I never would tho whenever I got to school I feel like I would throw up than the summer came I eat more got a little chunky again than when I started 7th grade I was probably normal size I didn't really eat lunch but that's always been me I was normal size tho skinny good for my age I still eat a lot I love food but I have learned to love my body and with the right stufff and loving your body I am now super skinny (in a good way not in a anorexic way btw) although I still get told I need to eat more and that if I do I don't need to get fat I am in the best shape ever and I'm talking bout khloe kardashian good shape (how she is now look it up)																																				Gab	 you are BEAUTIFUL and you have an AMAZING body. I WISH I could have your body.																																			500-800 calories?!?!?!? Holy Jesus the CHILD human body usually runs for around 2	000!!																																			I know this was 5 months ago but this honestly changes the way I think about myself.																																				I constantly compare myself to other people. I want to stop doing that but I can't. Is there anyway I can stop?																																				Please do more videos like this I can relate to all of this I've struggled with eating disorders since primary school because of bullies and my brother always picking on me I used to go upstairs with my food and then I used to put it in plastic bags and then take it down stairs and put it in the outside bin when I heard my mum go to the toilet or outside and if I did eat anything I would make myself be sick 	 but please do more videos like this because I can really relate																																			I didn't know that I needed this video until I watched it. Thank you for putting things into perspective for me <3																																				Gabs you are a gorgeous human being!I'm so happy that you are working on your body.You are beutiful don't you forget that!																																				I love her so bad way sexy hmmmm																																				SUPPORT!!!!!!!!																																				so there's this thing caled yo-yo dieting	 and it's when you eat a meal	 but go the rest of the day without eating. It basically makes your body cling onto fat and you can't get rid of it no matter what. Since you aren't eating enough calories	 the fat your body keeps will keep building up and you'll try to get rid of it by eating less thus creating this vicious psycological cycle that keeps you stuck with an eating disorder. I deal with this first hand and I'm sure a lot of you do to so I thought I would spread this information to prevent someone from doing the same thing.																																	you are such an amazing person Gab. i have been struggeling recently. i barely eat anything anymore and im trying to lose weight off my stomach before the summer. and this video just really helped me. i try to be better and i really am trying. but its getting to the point where im starting to hate myself for eating again. and i dont want to be in the place again. thank you for your video. it seriously helped me.																																				Gabbs you are so beautiful ( nor meaning that in a creapy way ) you are so kind and I would love for you to be my friend we can binge eat togther I dont judge you need more fat on you you look like a twig ( I mean it in a good way ) dont let anybody tell you other wise																																				I truly needed to hear this tonight. I have always struggled with the same exact issues as you and they have been especially bad	 lately. This spoke to me and I actually teared up. Thank you so much for sharing your story and making me	 and others feel better about ourselves.																																		I know Gabbie won't reply but whatever	 I am over weight by about 10 pounds. I am sad	 depressed and have anxiety. I need to loose weight and I haven't been eating at all lately. I need loose more weight I'm so fat__																																		Gabbs you look amazing babe__. You will be ok__																																				You are easily one of the most authentic Youtubers I've ever come across. Stay relatable!																																				thank you for making this video.																																				Hi Gabbie I have a rare eating disorder. It eats away all the fat off my bones. The lbs just drop off me. I have up to a year to live. The chance of me living over 1 year is 5.4387%. I'm only 12. I will die before I will turn 13. It is very sad to me very few people help me through this. Gabbie you are one. I will definitely die before 15. My eating disorder is killing me. I have to eat a lot, until I can't. That will keep me alive. Your not alone Gabbie -Your Eating Disorder Friend -Maddie P.S. Your all beautiful and it could be worse.																																				This video is so inspiring. I've struggled with anorexia for about 2 years now and about a month ago i was admitted into the hospital because of it. I'm now working as hard as i can to beat my eating disorder and videos like these help alot																																				i love you so much gabbie																																				I had one for years I would skip meals then end up being so hungry that I would eat a lot at supper and when someone told me they wanted to skip meals to lose weight I look at them and tell them that that is how I got as big as I am.. is I would eat and my body would go into survival mode and transfer all the food into fat due to not knowing when it would get its next meal and now I eat 2-3 meals a day (2 if I have a big breakfast) and I work out and I have been feeling so much better about myself																																				Gabbie you make me feel better about the world and myself. Love you girl more power to you __																																				I was starving myself when I had a boyfriend becuz I had anxiety and was depressed . I lost weight and when I was in highschool I wasn't eating a lot cuz I get anxiety from eating in front of people...																																				I'm 13 and I'm 5'8 I've always hated my height and how tall I am but when I'm learning to like it someone comments on how tall I am and how someone my age who has this height isn't normal :(																																				In the summer i would barley eat i would skip breakfast	 sometimes lunch	 and then i ate dinner all the way up to aug. in sept it was hoco and i went back to my friends house and i said to one of my friends their i said im not hungry	 and shes like dude you gotta eat so i went up stairs and got really small pieces of pizza and ate it	 the end of oct i started not to eat that much i would give my lunch to my friends sometimes	 and nov through dec 	 i skip meals	 i lie about what i ate	 i dont eat any of my food that my parents make me for lunch i either give it to my friends or i throw all that food out	 i did put my lunch snacks in my bookbag before we went to lunch because i was afraid to eat	 on friday my guy friend said lauren eat and i just had this fear in my eye. i refuse to eat	 only time i do eat mostly is dinner so that my parents think im eating. im 5'4 and im about 127 to 133lbs. i dont really know if this is a eating disorder or not cause its been going on for so long for so many months now idk. i told my friends and one of them brought me down to the social worker and we talked which i barley talked to her	 and then every day my friends always can see me not eating so they always say you promised to the social worker that you would eat and your not	 so they always kinda threaten me saying i will tell the social worker or ill tell your parents. and i told that guy friend the whole story on what ive been doing and he said you should tell your boyfriend and i said im really afraid of losing him for something i can not control right now	 people who are like this they lose all their friends and i dont want to lose him nor any of my friends plus i think as much as he says eat you should eat hes not going to make me better at all. i dont really know																						Everytime Im really struggling i come back and watch this video and it gets me through the night. Love you endlessly																																				I've been bulimic for years and I used to have anorexic tendencies. I would love if you went in depth because this video is really relatable and I'd love to hear more																																				Much love to you <3																																				I have an eating disorder and I can relate a lot.																																				you are my inspiration																																				I eat when I'm pissed. I eat when I'm sad. I eat when I'm bored. I eat when I'm happy. I eat all the fucking time and I fucking hate myself																																				I've hated my body since primary school. 100 people can say I'm pretty but 1 person fucks that all up.																																				Good on you for sharing your story to help others and for getting theÊsupport you deserve! :)																																				"I'm 14, 5'3 and 130 lbs on average. My weight fluctuates a lot. I never realized until recently that I might have or been developing an eating disorder. I always take pictures of my body to see if I've ""improved"" but every time I feel worse even though I have upper abs and my hip bones show. I in no way look like a girl with an eating disorder. My thighs are still rather big from working out because I gain muscle easily, no thigh gap and I don't even want one. That's what makes me think I don't have an eating disorder. I skip lunch at school and I might want to start skipping breakfast on days my parents work. It's hard to openly admit I have a problem but still carry on with it seeing as I don't necessarily want to yet. I may want to start purging but the first time I tried it I failed and so spent over an hour on the toilet researching how to purge. I also wouldn't really think I have an eating issue sometimes because I'll binge eat but I realized that it's a sign of an eating disorder, especially when I feel disgusting after and so workout or starve myself until I feel dizzy and weak. Nobody in my life notices yet, fortunately. My friends all have their own issues at home with family and things I'd consider to be worse like cutting and my one friend is recovering from an eating disorder. I don't speak about it and try to hide it because I don't want to feel stupid for thinking I have worse problems than them and so don't want them to speak against me for it. There will be times at school and home where my vision will go completely black for almost a minute but I'll still be standing. I just want to have abs and once I get skinnier, I can start working out and I'll try to start eating more once I reach that point but I'm far from there. I want to model in the future next to many other things but I read a comment on a video for tips on modeling and someone said I'm overweight for my height and that's what really screwed me up. Not that I'm stopping. I know what's happening but I have no intention on quitting until I look how I want. Not for anyone else but me."																																				I went to the doctor	 just for a routine consult	 and when the doctor told me how mach I weight	 I cried for 2 hours																																	I almost cried at this (people in the room	 rather not) thinking of how much this relates to me...																																			Your not fat.Your normal size for you age and ILY																																				I have a problem with my weight I'm 12 years old	 5'6 and weigh 188 currently (my highest was 195lbs) I have started working out more and eating a lot better please don't make any negative comments I have gotten them before and it hits when people say holy fuck you're fat I have come a long way to feel confident to share my weight with people I don't know on the internet I just want to say thank you gabbie with all the help making me smile and laugh when I was feeling real shitty																																			start with you. ______ dear god,Ê the sweet girl reading this is kind and i'm proud of her.______Ê please help her live life to the fullest and bless her in her chosen field.______ now, you're on the clock.___Ê in 9 minutes something will make you happy.______Ê please share this with 15 girls you love.______Ê remember,only for girls.Ê if i don't get this back i'm obviously not a close friend.______ now, i have a game for you, it's been played since 1977.______Ê once you read this, you have to send it to 15 people.______Ê your next 5 days will be like this:______ day 1 - you will wake up to the biggest shock of your life.______ day 2 - you will cross paths with an old friend you have missed.______ day 3 - you will find yourself with a lot of money.______ day 4 - your day will be perfect.______ day 5 - the love of your life will kiss you.______ if you don't forward this, your next 5 days will be the exact opposite.___ don't break this.___ send it to 15 friends in 10 minutes.______Ê it's not that hard. w***ver sent this to you must																																				Thank you for the inspiring words :) you help people without even knowing it . Don't listen to the trolls you are perfect just the way you are :) keep inspiring people all around the world :)																																				I've been dealing with eating disorders for roughly 3 years	 and this video gave me some hope<3																																			more in depth video please																																				"I've always hated my body. I'm 5""2, 114 pounds and 12. Most girls my age are 90-100 pounds and abundant in all the right places. I have broad shoulders and am basically flat chested. All the fat in my body is in my thighs and stomach. I feel fat. I sometimes don't eat breakfast, as mom trusts me to get brakfast at school. By the end of the day, I've probably eaten just a power bar. I get home and eat another one. By dinner I'm starving, so i eat a normal size dinner. The only time I really eat is on the weekends. I feel disgusting and fat. All my clothes are loose, so my family hasn't noticed. All the girls at my school do. They notice the fat on my thighs, and call me a fat taco(I'm latina btw). I have terrible body image issues and hate myself. If you actually read this, can you give me any tips on what to do?"																																				You should have more in depth videos like this. They help me a lot																																				I have an eating disorder almost exactally the same and I love you for this																																				I don't have a eating disorder but I do hate my body. Whenever I look in the mirror I hate the person I see. The body I see. I have even told my parents about it and they told me not to care. But it's not that easy. I have been dealing with this for the past year-in-a-half. It got even worst when I moved. And the worst part is I'm only 12.																																				omg i love you so much. wow thank you.																																				GABBIE I LOVE YOU!!I look up to you	 and this comment from a 13 year old might not seem very important to you but I just wanted to say.......YOU ARE PERFECT JUST THE WAY YOU ARE AND IF YOU THINK OTHERWISE AT ANY TIME JUST LOOK BACK AT THIS COMMENT.I cant tell you how many times I have watched a video of yours Gabbie and could immediately relate to it.YOU ARE AN INSPIRATIONÊTO NOTJUST ME	 BUT ALMOST EVERYONE ON YOUTUBE!!!!JUST LOOK AT HOW MANY SUBSCRIPTIONS YOU HAVE!!!!ÊPEOPLE DONT SUBSCRIBE TO YOUÊJUSTÊBECAUSE YOU TELL AMAZING STORIES!!!THEY ALSO SUBSCRIBE TO YOU BECAUSE PEOPLE CAN RELATE AND LOOK UP YO YOU!!!!!ÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊ YOUÊARE AN INSPIRATION!!!!ÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊAND THE BEST YOUTUBER I HAVE EVER KNOWN!!!so when/ or if you everÊsee this comment	 just know that I love everything you do and I think you are hilarious!!!!!ÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊ NEVER GIVE UP!!!!!																																	All I can say is	 thank you. I needed this. You have no idea. hugs																																			____ this helped me so much																																				Gabbie this was so inspiring. I constantly think that I am over weight but I am working on loving the skin I am in __																																				Love this vid	 u r an amazing human Gabbie																																			I love the message of this video<3																																				"""Stop being so critical of yourself because your before photo might be someone's goals photo."" Love this quote <3 {I'm making fanart with it x3)"																																				I struggled with bulimia for 6 years and finally recovered! There is definitely hope out there for everyone :) Thanks for making this video x																																				I have recovered from an eating disorder	 I had anorexia and the thoughts are coming back	 I was really depressed because of the image of body and I couldn't look at myself in the mirror without breaking down	 but honesty I know this sounds really weird but I miss the feeling of starving myself? I don't know why :(																																	Thanks for sharing this	 you're beautiful																																			thank you so much for that! You are beautiful <3																																				I love you so much Gabbie <3 Thank you for doing this video 	 I feel so hopeful after watching this ! You are an amazing person	 and you are beautiful inside and out <3																																		"3:25 ""F**k it, i had some gold fish"" I thought you ate actual pet gold fish! XD love you gabby, your perfect! :)"																																				this video has helped me more times than i could ever thank you for. it sucks so much that you've been through/are still going through this but by posting this video you've helped so many people through their struggles. literally can't ever thank you enough. <3																																				_____																																				"I'm 15 and weigh 113 lb and I'm 5""7 I don't have a problem with my weight but I look and feel super fat because I have a little excess skin. Even tho I work out and try to be skinny the skin is there still making me feel fat."																																				This helped me. Thank you <3																																				__																																				I've told so many people that you're my internet famous double because I've had similar problems to you. I come to your channel when I need some sort of guidance because you've struggled and conquered all of these obstacles in front of you. I'm working to improve myself and thank you so much.																																				It's one thing to hear someone talk about something they have not even a single shred of knowledge about. It is another thing to hear someone who has actually been through the same thing you have. It is a relief to know that someone understands how hard it is. Thank you so much for sharing something so personal and so hard to talk about. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.																																				I'm in tears. Gabbie. I love you. I'm struggling right now. I needed this. Sigh. Thank you. Thank you.																																				THIS WAS MADE ON MY BIRTHDAY!!																																				Hello people scrolling through the comments if your here just to hate on gabble then that is horrible because you want someone else to feel horrible about there self cabbie it doesn't matter how your body is the only thing is to be healthy you have a beautiful nose ____ god gave you it and if you don't believe in god then that's how she was more gabble your amazing funny and never forget that																																				I have autism and I like to squeeze poop between my fingers and slop baby food all over my vagina. I love me.																																				Go Gabbie! ILYSM and I am so proud of you this takes a lot of courage.																																				This is a really good video. I am sixteen and I have never ever had an eating disorder or worried about my weight	 but my little sister and my best friend both do. My little sister has almost always been on the heavier side but she is absolutely beautiful	 and my best friend is and always has been intensely skinny. Both are equally beautiful. This really helped me learn a bit more about what they both think about weight. Thanks Gabbie ____																																		Honestly Gabby. I'm glad that you overcome. Everyone was born for something. And you were born yo do exactly this. Share your story and help. Don't ever beat yourself up for anything that you go through because its all for a purpose.																																				wow ppl who actually call u fat are insensative and ur not!! ur beautiful and never doubt urself!!																																				"Hi.. no one will probably read this.. but, I'm Rachel. I have been struggling with eating disorders for almost 9 years now. it all started in 5th grade, so I was 10 years old. every girl in my class was so pretty and popular and all of the guys liked them and they always hung out together.. this guy and his friend came up to me at lunch and said, ""you better not eat anymore meals.. you're already huge enough. please kill yourself and do us all a favor."" that literally wrecked me and my self confidence. if there was a scale for self confidence in was a 7 and after what those boys said it went down to a complete 0. I was depressed the rest of 5th grade and I just stopped eating. not purposely but just because I completely lost my appetite. I was 95 pounds. I was already small to begin with now that I looked back at photographs.. but I never weighed myself unless I went to the doctors office. a few years pass and I met my best friend in 7th grade. she was tall and super skinny, she was a cheerleader and she played soccer. she was fit and so gorgeous. I wish I could be like her.. for Christmas I got an ipoh, so I began to look up ""how to lose weight"" and I came across things that I thought were amazing because it worked so fast! but, not fast enough... a few months later I went to a psych ward because my mom found cuts and scratches and bruises on my skin. while I was there at the hospital, they diagnosed me with anorexia and bulimic tendencies. I thought nothing of it... I was 15 at the time. my weight was 134 when I went into the hospital. when I was let out, I was 141 and I broke down... now, I am 18 and still struggling. even more so now than before. in 2014 I was 138 and I was 5'4"" during the holidays I gained a lot of weight to where family decided to call me fat or miss piggy or free willy... by easter I was 168 a few months later I was 172. I completely lost it. I had/still have intestinal problems but during the summer of 2016 in may I was 168 and then my intestines began to get all fuckery-like. after two weeks of nonstop running to the bathroom and not keeping anything down I weighed 156. I met my boyfriend in 2011 but didn't start dating until December 18, 2014. he helped me through it all. he gave me belly rubs and back scratches and he cared for and loved me through all of what has/is happening and then in June his cunt of a mother made us stop seeing each other because I had depression, anxiety, and eating disorders. she said I was a burden to not only him, but his family and mine. she let me live with them for almost 2 months.. then she made me stay the night at my house but my parents were giving me shit about something so I tried to walk to my boyfriends house. his mom got pissed that he picked me up so she made us break up. I didn't eat for almost 3 weeks and I didn't go to the restroom very often and my parents had to force food into my mouth or have me drink ensure (I think that's what it's called.. :p) then July 11 hell broke loose. I was rushed to the hospital by ambulance and stayed in the hospital for 4 days and in a psych ward for 9 days.. then a week before my birthday i got raped.. it seemed as if I shouldn't be on this earth anymore because everything is going wrong... and now, December 5, 2016 I am still struggling and hurting emmencly both physically and emotionally and mentally... but I am staying strong for not only myself but for the love of my life. it will be our 2 year anniversary on December 18, 2016. I probably won't see him because his cunt of a mother is a fucking psycho... but I am getting stronger and stronger each day. also, for anyone, boy or girl, struggling with an eating disorder or any mental illness or just an illness in genera, it WILL get better. I promise you that it will! keep your head up and keep marching on your way to recovery and success. I want to say thank you if you read it all.. sorry for the book haha.. I'm praying for all of you. thank you and God bless. _ ~Rachel"																																				"OK i liked you before Gabbie, but i finally got around to watching this... and I like you SO much more after watching this. This is so inspirational. I feel your pain everyday; I feel as though you got inside my mind with this one."																																				I know how this feels.....after many years I realized I had an eating problem as well......before I didn't eat enough....then I got depressed and ate to much gained over 140 lbs in 4 years it has always been a struggle I appreciate that you appreciate this video because I still struggle __																																				Girl you are BEAUTIFUL and honestly such an inspiration																																				Do I have an eating disorder? Or maybe used to? I don't think I do or did. I used to count the calories I ate and made sure I didn't go over 1	600 on non workout days	 and 1	800 on workout days. If I go over	 I would deduct what ever amount I ate more the previous day	 to my max the next day. (ex. 2	000 cal on workout day	 next day non workout day max 1	400 cal) I didn't really think much of it until I told a friend of mine who also diets	 and got a shocked reaction.																											I swear this probably one of the most inspirational and truest things I've watched/read. Not only because you're trying to overcome this	 but also the fact that you didn't even acknowledge it and you just looked back and accepted it. This video really is a great thing.																																			I can relate to this so much	 Thankyou Gabbie for putting this video out there	 I use to have a massive issue with my body appearance even though I never got called fat. Our mind can make us believe that we aren't perfect and when we see the unrealistic images of women on social media we get a craving to look like them. I know from past experiences of what it is like to look at each girl that walks past and to judge yourself and see if they are better than you. The binging is still something I am getting over but aslong as I know that there are more people out there that aren't the only ones that goes trough this I know that I can better myself and get healthy.																																		Thankyou Gabbie	 I really needed this :)																																			I relate to this on so many levels because I know I cant compare to you but your therapist saying you have an eating disorder when you ate 500-800 calories a day I feel like I have done the same thing I dont particularly binge I kind of starve myself I dont pjrge no matter how much I want to but I eat 300 calories a day when I eat I immediately feel this imense amount of guilt like I shouldnt be eating im fat but I deny the fact that I have an eating disorder when I think about jt I shut down and say no I dont. im not skinny and all I want is to lose weight I genuinely look at myself in the mirror and cry im desperate I have so much anxiety about my body that it consumes every part of me because I was told by so many people for years I wasnt good enough and im fat and I didnt believe it before but I believe it now and 5 years later everything they ever said to me still haunts me they apologized but they can not take back what they said and I feel hopeless I take medicine see a therapist very often have an amazing boyfriend but Im still everyday every hour every second held back by my own demons and I feel like I will never escape and my whole life I will just be in this place of struggling and like I will never be able to be truly happy with myself																																				when u said goldfish and before you said crackers.... I genuinely thought you meant real fish... I was very confused. Jokes aside	 thanks for sharing such a personal aspect to so many people who hearing it helped. Really	 thank you xxxx																																		u are beautiful just the way u are __																																				it's hard being a girl	 and a male for that matter	 but I feel like it's more of a problem for most females. I'm like 5'8 and weigh 143lbs and I always feel so fat because my body jiggles and I know it's so ridiculous because that's so normal and it drives me insane. like I know I'm not fat but for some god forsaken reason it's always in the back of my freaking mind.. and I used to weigh more and not because I was fat but because I was a competitive dancer and had a shit ton of muscle I still focused on the numbers on the scale and like I don't even understand why. I wish I didn't think about it or care but I do. and I hate that I do. I wish I loved myself and my body more	 I want to be that person that's like happy.																																	Fuck this hit me hard but I know I'm fat																																				Thank you Gabby. I'm struggling with anorexia	 social anxiety and depression but none of my friends get it. Thank you for making me feel like I'm normal.																																			your not alone. i have had eating disorders my whole life. last year it hit me tho. i couldnt eat. when i would eat my stomach would hurt so bad to the point where i was on the ground because it wasnt use to food. im a ton better now but my body will never recover from it and i will always have the struggle of eating. i love you so much																																				Gabbie u just changed my life. Thank you.																																				I'm a new fan and this makes me so sad. I would've never guessed someone as happy and as beautiful as you are would be struggling with this. Fantastic message at the end. And I hope you're still in a good place.																																				"I'm almost 13 I'm 5""3 and I weigh 86..."																																				aww this is amazing																																				I was 5'4 with the weight of around 110 and i starved myself until i fainted. then i stopped for a few weeks after gaining a few pounds	 i relapsed																																			idk y but at skinny mini I teared up																																				Gabbie your weight is goals	 its ok																																			loved your eyeshadow and thank you for sharing your story __																																				"Idk if anyone else has this but I go through phases where I'm like ""ooh I actually look nice & quite slim today"" then the next day I hate my body and I look so much fatter thAn the day before and I know it's not because I'm putting on weight because I weighed myself yesterday and it's the same as usual. does anyone else get this?"																																				Gurrrl try the VEGAN liefestyle!!! It'll change your life! You can eat as many calories as you want and you'll loose weight!! Because you don't eat the unhealthy	 saturated fat of animal products! You'll have so much more clarity	 mentally and physically :)																																		dear Gabbie	 you have no idea how much I look up to you.I don't think at all that you are fat.i think you are an amazing you tuber and don't let those haters and fucking bitches get you down. take a leaf out iisuperwomanii s book and instead and make them out to be how much of a worthless piece of shit they r.*if u are reading this	 i relly hope you cn understand wat i am saying because i cant spell properly																																		I hope this stops people in the comments from saying shes fat cos she's not shes healthy weight																																				you are gorgeous __ -Michela																																				This is so inspirational																																				You're very brave Gab keep doing what you're doing																																				Girl	 you are gorgeous! I am a little jealous of your fabulous bod! I'm sorry if that's weird but	 I think you look really nice! But you are beautiful! I know a few people might comment the same or in fact copy and past it	 but just know	 you are gorgeous	 and beautiful	 and just amazing!!!!!																														ALSO FAT PPL GIVE BETTER HUGS!																																				I LOVE YOU YOU ARE AMAZING																																				I love you so much																																				Thank you for this video. I struggled with self confidence and it sucked. I got through it but I am so happy that there are people out there that went through the same thing. I just subscribed because I loved this so much. Thank you. _																																				This was brave and inspiring. Thank you for sharing																																				Pisses me off so much when people call Gab fat or ugly. Gabbie is fucking gorgeous and tbh she is one of those girls that looks better with curves...																																				This. Helped.																																				"I've always either been binge eating or skipping meals because it's always been a part of my life. When I was little it was always about ""my build"" or my ""muscular tone"" Its still frustrating when I want to get skinny but only get more muscular."																																				great vdeo Gabby																																				you're 100% right girl. i had an ED. and im now 20 pounds heavier and honestly the happiest i been with my body. ive just gotten to the point where i accept what i see. and i just be as healthy as i can but allow myself to just have days of hanging with friends and not obsessing or locking myself away anymore. Main point is																																				I THOUGHT SHE MEANT SHE PICKED UP HER FRIEND'S LIVE GOLDFISH AND ATE THEM																																				I've never related more to a video. I never really realized how messed up my head is with food																																				wish i saw this before i cut myself today..... i fucking relapsed. Im such a fuck up																																				If I had her nose I'd starve myself too																																				thanks so much just wanna thank you for making this video.thank you god bless u																																				I LOVE YOU																																				I honestly	 have that right now. Ive been trying to loose weight ever since the start of the school year. I train 5 times a week and its not working. And im lost.																																			I don't have an eating disorder but I do have body image issues and this video really helped me. Thank you ____																																				This just....thank you Gabbi__																																				So empowering. Thank you for being brave enough to share	 you are helping so many people <3																																			I wish I had confidence like you. I would starve myself too because I would think I'm fat and I eat everytime I gain more and more weight. It's a struggle. I've been struggling since I was 10. I'm currently 16 now and still struggling.																																				gabbie we freaking love you	 just cause your body isn't perfect doesn't mean anything you're beautiful and I love you so much	 you have helped me so much	 thank you_____																																	I'm not sure if I have an eating disorder, i think i might but can someone tell me if I do? All my life I've been the bigger kid in my class but it was because all of the girls in my class were genetically small. I never worried about my weight as much until I went to the beach with my class and saw all the girls with their super tiny stomachs and then there was me. Beginning of grade 9 i was unhappy with my body so i started to workout which helped me lose the weight, but as exams came around I had no time to workout and started to gain the weight back. Since I had no time, i started to stop eating as much because i would forget or stress, and when i'm stressed i stop eating completely, so i basically ate almost nothing for a few weeks. The habit stayed but not as bad as it was during exams. I'm in grade 10 now and just like Gabbie, when I wake up all i do it stress and worry about my weight. I barely eat breakfast and i don't eat lunch at all. It doesn't help that my two best friends are extremely underweight (not an eating disorder, just genetics) so it makes my self esteem go down.																																				I read your message at the end	 I am complimenting you	 you are the best youtuber in the world!!!																																		"I didn't know that I had an eating disorder (not sure if it is really an eating disorder) for a long time. I have hated my body since 4th grade when my best friend told me I was fat. I sucked in my stomach to the point where I couldn't breath__and she told me to stop sucking it in. From 4th grade to 6th grade I would walk around like this with my stomach sucked in, worrying that people would notice I was doing it (they probably did) and I was exhausted whenever I got home from school. I would look up online how to get skinny, exercise routines, and ""fat"" hacks. I cried myself to sleep wishing that people could still like me even though I was fat. The entire summer of 5th grade I cut out all meat, gluten, and almost all sugar. I really wanted a good body. By the end of the summer I had lost a lot of weight, but I looked in the mirror and still saw a big ball of fat. I was going into 7th grade (still sucking my stomach in and resisting food) and then I realized. I have a problem. I knew it wasn't as serious as Anorexia or a disease, but I hated my body and I had to fix that. I tried to stop sucking in my stomach but it became such a big habit that I couldn't not suck it in, it would hurt when I wasn't. I ended up having back problems and I was just miserable. So I stopped paying attention to it. I made friends with people who accept me and I just learned to joke around about my weight, to not take anything too seriously. I really did hate my body, but no one mentioned it because they thought I was just making up jokes. At a sleepover I admitted to thinking I was overweight, and my friends denied it and gave me the boost of confidence that I needed. One of my friends even admitted to being jealous of my size.Something so little made my entire early middle school life unbearable. Like Gabby said- you are looking at urself as a before picture and others are looking at you as the after. So just love yourself no matter what"																																				People call me anorexic and they say I don't eat and I do cheer and people say why are you so skinny you look unhealthy and I did I still do and I dance we wear sport bras and you can see my ribs and you could count every bone on my back my friends say I wish I had your problem and I can't think straight when people say that I have had many mental break down about this because when people say I look unhealthy I feel unhealthy I feel like I don't eat I feel like trash I feel like someone like me should not be here I don't fit in with anyone I am months older than almost all my friends and they eat less than me I still can't grow idk what to do if anyone has any advice please tell me																																				I have a different type of disorder where I can't stop eating but my stomach won't grow																																				"I love hearing Gabbie make jokes, and letting everyone have a laugh off from the crappy encounters that she's had. Hearing this? This makes everyone realize, that yes, SHE IS HUMAN TOO. She's not a person inside a screen, or that you see on tour. She is a human being that has had her ups and downs, and has had moments like ""Holy shit"" just like everyone else. I love her, she's spectacular, and the fact that she told this and is healing and working hard, this makes me love her 20x more. I love you Gabbie. Your ups and downs is the roller coaster we will wait in line for."																																				Gabbie	 you're such an amazing person! Not many people on YouTube come out and actually talk abiut issues they had when they were younger and are mostly like 'Lets live in the moment!!!' but you're much more real	 and kind of the person to spill the tea and tell the truth.																																		Do you still have the disorder?																																				"""it's not about losing weight, it's about gaining confidence"" this phrase is everything"																																				Ur gorgeous !!! Ignore all the hate ur sooooo pretty like GOALS I've been threw the same thing ur not alone __																																				"""Comparison is the root to all evil, and the killer of happiness""-gabbie __"																																				my friend is going through the same situation right now. it's sort of a bad thing of Hispanics to always talk about people and their weight. she's always been told she was fat by her mom and still believes it herself. she's been losing weight but hasn't noticed it. she'll tell you how much she lost and doesn't see it as something drastic. I've taken several psychology classes and she has typical things that am anorexic person would have. and now that she works it's been kind of worst. she'll have extreme fatigue and I've told her she might have anorexia because of the signs she's showing. she thought I was joking because her thought of anorexia is probably the cases where they have gone so far that they are skin and bones. I wish she would see it but I'm afraid she never will																																				I used to have the same type of eating disorder since I've been picked on by family	 friends	 and strangers. I hated the way I looked (still kinda do) so I would only eat dinner and nothing else during the day and cried wondering why I couldn't be thinner like everyone else. It also didn't help that I had cystic acne for years and caked on makeup to try to look decent. I have naturally high	 flared hips and I hated how my body looked because even if I were to be skinny like everyone else my hips can't shrink with the rest of me. Eventually	 I found really really good friends who loved me for me and that's when I realized that I shouldn't care what other people think of me or listen to anyone when they call me fat. I went from 98 pounds to 110-113 pounds after 6 years of starving myself and worrying about others. Now I just tell people to fuck off and do what I want.																																Gabbie you are so brave for telling us this we love you and you're beautiful just the way you are																																				This honestly helps me sooo much omg. I am going through the same thing you were. Ik I have an eating disorder... But it's not life threatening	 I haven't been eating much for a while. I eat but not things that have enough calories	 and I will go days with eating very little. I'm ALWAYS sick	 and tired	 and now I realize that my immune system is weak	 and my body has gone into survival mode. I like my body somewhat. There are some things I would Change.. Like a little bit of belly fat. But now since that I have reached a point of starving	 I have been losing weight. I lost 2 pounds in a week. And I look a lot thinner. It's not really dramatic weight loss but it's just maybe starting to begin? I also notice now that I don't eat I can't eat very much. Little food will fill me up. And I feel sick or have to make a bowel movement almost exactly after eating. I usually eat once a day. I just eat when I'm hungry. And that usually doesn't happen for me. And when I go days without eating... Once I do eat my stomach will ache badly. I'm definetely glad u made this video. It made me realize something I never thought much of about.																														Thankyou for sharing that it actually really helped me																																				dont worry sweetheart. i have eating disorders too and ive had my fair share of hate comments. the only difference is that i am super skinny and i cant weight bcz i have high metabolism and i also cant have musckes bcz if i try to workout i will lose even more weight. the worst part is having obese people tell me to go eat bcz my body is pressuring them to be skinny. THEY LITERALLY TOLD ME THAT MY EATING DISORDER IS FAT SHAMING THEM. i've cried a lot about it and it has been hard. now im in a better place.																																				compared to everyone one I know you are a skinny minnie																																				I couldn't swallow either																																				You're beautiful	 we all are																																			I love her and I just want to hug her and tell her she's beautiful because she is	 she's a goddess																																			Everything you said	 I could relate to it. It scared me but I just realized a lot of things that I never did before woaw																																			HUGS																																				"""It's not about losing weight it's about gaining confidence"" 100% best advice I've heard for a loooong time"																																				I legit cried																																				i love you so much gabbie xo i really am proud of you that you overcame your eating disorder or atleast healthier you are very skinny but being skinny isn't what makes someone beautiful great ending song you are VERY VERY BEAUTIFUL INSIDE AND OUT _ HOPE YOU SEE THIS!!!																																				Love u gabby u are beautiful																																				Gabby	 you and I are very similar in so many ways. You have made me love myself and my body because you can rock your body and personality. Thank you for helping me feel better about myself. Its so hard to talk about myself and my thoughts about myself	 even though I know i need to talk to someone about it. But you have taught me to love myself for who i am and what I look like. Thank You so so much	 for every thing.																																	preach girl! glad ur doing better<3																																				im not comparing myself to someone else. im comparing myself to how i was. at least when you compare yourself to others you have a sense of it being unrealistic and unattainable. when im comparing my now 210lbs body to my younger 140lbs body	 i know i can and i was but now it feels like im trapped. its also sad how no one cares but me.																																			It's bad that I think 500-800 calories is too much? not for her obvs but for myself																																				"i love her so much shes so real shes not the usual youtuber who are all ""perfect"" or stuck up or w.e she is insecure awk shy etc shes one of us and i can connect so well with her she makes me so happy and makes it seem like maybe one day i can also make it big and inspire someone else stay awesome gabby i love you"																																				you are so thin and beautiful!! i can't believe people have called you fat. thank you for making this video	 it's so great to hear this	 what an incredible story!! love you so much!																																		u go gurl																																				Early this year	 I was cyber bullied. This hurt. Mostly because the 4 girls who did this	 said we were friends. That night my grandma died. Now	 8 months later	 I have a mental health dog	 anxiety	 depression	 and eating disorders. I suck in my stomach	 I wear lose cloths																												I have anxiety	 depression	 and eating disorder.																																		My cousin had an eating disorder so bad that her hair fell out in chunks and because the loss of body fat	 she would wear thick sweaters in the midst of summer. Just by sharing your struggles has emphasized that it's okay to have faults. Keep doing what you're doing	 it's very inspiring<3																																		You make me feel like my mental boundaries are normal and hating myself isn't weird. I don't feel as alone in my daily struggle. I love you for that. Thank you. __																																				HER WAIST IS SMALL AND DAT ASS AND BOOBIES ARE BIG! THATS WHAT EVER GIRL WANNA LOOK LIKE! GABI U FINE AS FUUUUUCK __________																																				Ohmygod.. My sister has gone through anorexia	 it was terrifying. I feel for you gabby!																																			i know im watching this legit MONTHS after you uploaded it but you are incredible and im so proud of you and you are such an inspiration you are so strong <3																																				Omg !!! she's so skinny !!!! Why is she so sad . I struggling with with my weight ... But thank xoxo																																				Gabbie you are so f... ricking amazing																																				you're strong ! <3																																				I cannot stop crying. I went three days only eating grapes and strawberries and I just binged on anything I could find. Thank you so much for this video gabbie																																				Literally if you never brought this up I do NOT notice and I am not just saying that cuz I like you like if you were a person I hated I would say that																																				Love your makeup!!!!!																																				thank you soooooo much gabbie I have always hated my body always thought I was fat everybody said I wasn't but I didn't believe them thank you this has opened my eyes and I truly just need to get healthier and lighter:)))																																				So raw. Beautiful	 Gabbie. :)																																			I feel like we almost all have eating disorders anymore.																																				My ex ALWAYS compared me to another girl who was smaller than me... shorter, skinnier, curvier, came from a wealthier family etc... I'm fairly certain I had an eating disorder but was never diagnosed with one. I am so glad I stumbled on this video.. Thank you Gabbie.. :) <3																																				__________																																				You are a babe	 thank you for being so up front and candid.																																			I wanna hug her																																				love you gabby ___																																				Gabby thank you for this amazing video I feel like this will really help me xx																																				Please make a more in depth video on how you got yourself to eat more. i know it is much harder to do it than to just change your mindset. i have the same problem but im still stuck in it. I thought it was good at the beginning because i lost a lot of weight from not eating at the beginning (12 pounds in two weeks) then i just stopped losing weight. Now my reaction is to eat even less and i go by days without eating ans even when i try i just cant get myself to eat. i weigh 118 pounds and i never feel like i am good enough. This video was really nice to hear because i felt like im not alone																																				I'm 13	 5'0	 and 107 lbs. I really love my body	 from the waist up at least. Like I've always been super skinny and stuff but somehow my thighs and calves ballooned over the past couple of years. Everything else is super proportionate and narrow and then I have these huge legs. (I did sports like soccer	 gymnastics	 ballet	 tap	 etc as a little kid	 like sports that use a lot of leg work so my legs are pretty large and muscular) but my arms	 stomach	 everything else is super small. When I go shopping for jeans	 unless they're like stretchy jeans	 i always have to get pairs with adjustable elastic because my waist is so small but my legs are so big. I've tried thigh and calve workouts for slimming and they worked but I really didn't have the time for it since my school ends at 4 and I usually have cheer practice right after until 5:15 and then it starts getting dark and I have to eat	 shower	 do homework	 do daily chores. I wouldn't mind having big thighs if my butt decided to catch up lmao.																					Wow this really hit me																																				iv had a eating disorder fo a while now 	 not diagnosed yet i didnt realise it until id lost around 25lbs																																			Gabbie	 you are truly inspiring. I was going through belimia for a long time	 and I would go sometimes a week or more without eating	 and my tummy would hurt like hell	 I would be light headed	 I'd fall asleep in class	 I would exercise so much	 and tell myself how cappy I was for eating when I binged... I would think about my weight in everything I wore	 and when I packed for a trip I would make sure I brought along clothes that could cover me up because I never knew how I'd feel that day	 and it was terrible	 and though I still do the clothes thing	 and I am very insecure still	 it has been almost 7 straight months that I have eaten every single day	 and I am working out 2 days a week	 and I am sleeping enough	 and things are slowly getting better. it means the absolute world to see someone else succeeding after going through things like this	 and I just hope you know that you are so gorgeous	 and you are really someone I look up to!																			I just realised that i have eating disorders																																				Keep doing what you're doing	 my friend	 you look great.																																		thank yoy gabbie. you have really helped me xoxo																																				"I go to therapy because my parents think I have an eating disorder... I don't like talking about it (or my feelings in general) a lot because I don't like it when people pity me, but this video hit me a bit to talk about it. I'm 15, 5''2 and 84 lbs. I go to therapy for other illnesses which I have come to accept I have, such as depression and anxiety. Everyone tells me that I need to eat and that the biggest fat on my body is on my little toe, but I take that as compliments, also all the people that tell me that now, used to call me fat. I disagree that I have an eating disorder, one of those reasons being Gabbie's, I like think I eat full meals... I know everyone else is beautiful and that body image shouldn't matter, but I've never come to accept mine. If you read through this boring text; stay strong&safe beautiful/handsome <33"																																				Fuck the people who calls you fat	 you are beautiful and don't you forget it																																			______																																				She ate goldfish ?																																				"Babe thank you for this video.... I used to be extremely skinny when I was a kid. but when I hit about 13, the weight started coming on strong. by the time I reached 24 (the beginning of this year) I was 201 lbs. hearing comments from my family about my weight, having nicknames like ""barrel body"" or ""juicy"" or ""chubbs"" sorta hurt me..... I would starve myself for days or end up eating for hours until I throw up and eat again. But I ended having to take a look at myself and get control of my life.... so I started working out and trying to eat better. it's still a HUGE struggle but it's getting better. I'm now down to 168 currently and I haven't been this size since high school. I'm proud but sometimes I still look at myself as....fat and ugly or disgusting. I'm really....trying to change my thinking. But it's a huge struggle. I thank you so so so much for this video. you are beautiful and strong as hell"																																				"omg! i really loved this video! thank you thank you thank you. its really crazy, finding things out about someone whom you think wow theyre perfect, theres no way they have ""regular people"" issues. thank you for opening up and providing us with such positive and encouraging words. love it!! keep it up stay strong, and be yourself!"																																				You're so beautiful Gabbie. Youre so amazing and your body is gorgeous the way it is. I struggle with really bad body image and i've experienced an eating disorder. Stay strong gab. we love you so much. youre beautiful and so hilarious.																																				It sounds like your chew spit behavior has morphed into compensatory exercise __																																				i struggled with and still am struggling with an eating disorder and i know how painful and humiliating it can feel sometimes to have to admit even that you ahem that issue. I was in hospital and after being out of almost two years my therapist is telling me i have to go back in to hospital. it hurts but this video inspired me to accept that what i am is good enough. thanks Gabbie <3																																				Two thumbs up. This was perfect timing to hear __ you truly are beautiful.																																				I used to eat only 150 calories per day. I'm better now I think but it's an everyday struggle																																				"I had a somewhat opposite problem. I've had anxiety problems for many years. Usually, these problems would cause me to go into anxiety attacks which caused me to throw up. Last year, I lost about 40 pounds in just two months. I've also had stomach/digestive problems for much longer; most of my life, really. I went to a doctor, and after many, many, many tests, they inferred that I had stomach ulcers from how much stress and how many anxiety attacks I had. I kinda didn't want to be treated for it, though. Normally, I have thick thighs and just thick in general, but during this time, I lost so much weight. I even had a thigh gap for the first time in my life. I felt great being so skinny. Now, I'm in my freshman year of college, and I gained weight from it (obvi, freshman fifteen). Now, I'm trying to accept my body as it is. I'm not really fat, but I'm just trying to be happy. I hope you know that you've inspired me to be more comfortable in my body. :)"																																				I started crying honestly.																																				hi, i know no body really knows me, and nobody cares but im going to tell you my mess of a life. When i was little like 4or 5 i was chubby. My mom is really curvy and my dad is really heavy, so i was just born curvy. then I got into 1st grade i was called fat and not pretty. I didnt know what to do because i loved food. Then it was 2 yrs into 3rd grade and was called stupid a fat pig a cow. I just wanted to end the misery because it was a constant thing but i still didnt know what to do. then it was 4th grade and i started the best thing so far in my life... volleyball. I LOVED VOLLEYBALL and then i started comparing my self to a girl lets call her Ally. She was so pretty and so good and so skinny. By that time i was 105 at 9 yrs old. I honestly thought about things like you dont deserve to be doing this you stupid ugly cow. Then my parents started to help me out with weight. I got down to 99 and was the happiest ever. then I got sick with pneumonia and got out of it. When i started back i was 117 pounds at age10. i am still 10 and am now 110 after 5 months. Now that i think about it i realise i must have been missing something in my life because when ever i thought about it was the most precious thing in the world. If you are still reading this thank you for taking time out of your precious day to think about me. Also thanks to lowkey savage for helping me to share my story. PLEASE BE CONSIDERETE ABOUT YOUR BODY IT IS THE ONLY ONE YOU HAVE! :)																																				Omg Gabbie you are so inspiring to openly talk about that. I have always compared myself to all the prettier/ skinnier and have tried to make myself sick because of it. Thanks you so much you've really helped __																																				You're so beautiful and inspiring. I love you and what you bring to this world. Your videos make me feel happy and not alone and I can't thank you enough for the laughs happiness and smiles you have brought to me. Thank you so much and please keep doing what you're doing because we here all love and need you!																																				You're beautiful																																				"I have family members that also struggle with the same. Who am I kidding....I do too. I do my best to not say anything and just be there when it gets ""out of hand"" rough. What I am trying to say is, I am proud of you for 1. Being so transparent.... and 2. For putting the healing energy out there that you discovered and work with. You are a queen and as long as you continue with loving yourself....you're going to get anything and everything you want and need. [wipes tear from cheek]"																																				ur such an inspiration__ thank you I'm so proud of u bb																																				Wow	 she's so brave and has emerged so positive from a struggle so hard. Its true--health is important not weight.																																			I don't even need to lose weight. I'm like 14 lbs underweight. Even though this was about how she was losing weight and stuff	 it still inspires me to gain. I know I'm only a huge step away from being my healthiest form. And I'm pretty sure all it would take is some inspiration and motivation. Anyone can achieve their goals as long as they try																																			________________																																				I relate to this video SO MUCH. I can only imagine the amount of courage it took to make this and I really admire that	 Gabbie. You are beautiful.																																			I rarely ever eat but if I do I never eat more that two hundred calories																																				Everyone here just listen to Little Things by one direction and I hope it will make you feel better. It definitely makes me feel better																																				My eating disorder started because while every single thing in my life was falling apart	 it seemed to give me a sense of control. I figured that if everything was going to be shitty	 at least I wanted to look my best. I have never been fat or anything	 completely normal	 but I wanted to be as skinny as the girls on social media	 I had different goals. (for example Ariana Grande	 because I admired her petite body) I started purging because I loved food way to much to give it up. I felt like shit. But when people started to compliment me I felt as if though it was worth it. I still don't know what to do as I want to maintain the perfect body	 love food but still want to be healthy.																													It's so sad that nearly every girl nowadays has an eating disorder.																																				"My problem was the exact opposite. I was so fucking skinny you have no idea. I looked like a dead person. And people would actually say that to me, and they would always assume I had a eating disorder and would call me horrible things. I was always skinny, even though I eat like a fucking elephant, but I had/still have a lot of anxiety because of the constant bullying, the lost of my dad and grandpa when I was a kid and my super fast metabolism. But dude... I don't know what happened but I gained a lot of weight this last year, like 20kg, and I honestly feel great because that was always what I wanted. Literally people call me fat now and I really don't give a shit because I know how much I struggled to even gain a fucking pound. At the same time I still feel like I'm that skinny girl. I look in the mirror and see a nice butt, some fat hips, nice legs, but I still feel like I'm a skeleton. I don't see my bones anymore, but I don't feel like this is actually real. I don't know if this is any type of eating disorder, but God knows I am ""kind of fat"" now and I still relate to the skinny girls. People assume that only the big girls struggle, but gurl I can tell you for a fact that being as skinny as I was (plus the bullying, college and the loss of my family) literally gave me the type of depression which made me want to hurt and kill myself. So now I have to take medication, I'm on therapy and shit, and honestly I don't know if I will ever feel completly great about my body. With this comment I don't mean to offend anyone, I just felt like talking about my situation. Thank you for your video, Gabby. I love you and think that you are a perfect human being, on the inside and on the outside. And for those who read my story: Thank you. I don't think I ever told people about this, not even to my therapist. <3"																																				I'm afraid of getting fat and eat nothing some days. I'm 5'11 and 140 pounds but I feel overweight and probably will start binging soon. __																																				gabbie is so amazing.																																				It's unreal how much I relate to this.																																				Gabbie	 I love you so much. This story really struck a cord with me. This sounds exactly like my battle with eating disorders. Thank you for talking to us about it. Stay strong. _																																			________																																				I am really touched that you found the courage to put youself out there with such a personal topic	 especially as 90% of youtube comments only contain hate nowadays. <3																																			Definitely Gabby. Your body is amazingly gorgeous. Curves in all the right place	 which is gorgeous.																																			This video was exactly what i needed. My weight fluctuates so much because I also have very unhealthy eating habits	 or disorder	 and i will binge one day and then for the next 3 days I'll only eat one meal a day. The reminder of just having the end goal of being healthy and not what the scale says or size of clothes you wear was just what i needed.																																		"One thing I'm sick of hearing is ""your weight doesn't define you"" I don't care that just makes me feel worse."																																				I wish my only problem was being out of shape	 but add to that being an ugly freak and a consummate loser and I'm ready to give up. Gabbie	 you are beautiful and a fantastic loving angel that gives so much to make the world a better place with all that you do and are. The world needs more amazing people like you. Thank God for you. #madgabbielove always __																																		I hate everything about myself	 I have for many years. Every day I joke about having depression and anxiety but I really do. You are so beautiful and amazing	 inside and out. I love your video and I think about starving myself every day but you stop me from doing that. I know I seem like one of those fake people looking for attention but you really do inspire me. You are a big part of my life.																																		I usually eat less than 1	000 calories and it feels like a lot and I try to eat more	 but it just seems like it always stays below 1	200 calories even if I eat as much as I possibly can. I asked my doctor	 and he said eating that little was not healthy but blood tests said I was okay so we just shrugged it off. I think I eat little subconsciously because I feel fat always even though I'm a size 2. I purposely don't wear fitting clothes and binge watch health videos and documentaries and I always hide my stomach when I'm sitting down. Idk... I don't want to say that there's something wrong because I feel like it's nothing and I'm just fuzzing over something so pathetic. And the doctor says I'm healthy anyway	 so it does no really matter	 right?																														sending love from Pittsburgh _ Thanks so much for this video Gab. i lost 40lbs January- May. afterwards i decided to leave my job that I was at for 4 years to move on to better things. the resume making	 job hunting	 interviewing process made me so stressed and I stopped working out and started stress eating. I gained at least 15-20lb of the weight i lost. I feel so so ashamed and upset. I don't look big	 but my love handles are huge. I like what u said about your before photo might be some ones goals photo. thanks so much for being real.																																	Gabbie I love you so much	 I didn't even know you had YouTube! I just subscribed but used to follow you on vine when I had it in like 2014 (: this is SO true though! I started doing jiu jitsu at that time and was 220 pounds... in 3 months I had lost 40! I have a weird body	 I'm pretty wide and curvy so even though 180 didn't sound small	 it was the smallest I've been in a while. I definitely felt more confident and dare I say... flirty? Lol. Not only that	 but just jiu jitsu alone made me comfortable enough to get off pharmaceuticals and take care of my OCD	 depression	 and anxiety in my own way. I've always thought you've looked amazing and hope you continue to look at yourself positively (:																														i feel so happy about myself when you make these videos because it helps me to realize that health is not about a number its about what you are doing. thank you.																																				I would love to have gabby so body to this today. She has a amazing body																																				Thank you so much for this.																																				Anyone who tells you that your ugly	 fat	 a liar ect is just jealous because you're amazing	 your hair (new and old)is so cool and expressive	 your eyes are beautiful	 your features are really nice(including your nose)	 your voice is so soothing (I hope that doesn't sound creepy) in all I think you're AMAZING and you are good enough	 anybody who tells you otherwise is lying or jealous! You're beautiful!																													I love gabbie this was probably hard to make and she was being #real and i think your beautiful gabbie																																				which eating disorder does she have? Anorexia? Bulimia? I just wanted to know.																																				So motivational !!																																				You are beautiful and have a really nice body. I am so happy you are doing better and and one day I hope I will be like you__																																				For everybody who is reading this: YOU ARE SO SO SO BEAUTIFUL_																																				Gabby! this video has me in tears! so much of what you said I relate to. I'm a binger. But I'm going to try and remember that my before pic might be someone else's goals... thank you! xoxo																																				I kinda can relate to your story. I am 16 pounds heavier than my best friend. I started cutting out breakfast and stopped eating snacks and food. This year has been super hard because i fell into depression and cut myself. Everyone tells me that I'm a normal weight but I don't see it.																																				Hey girl if you wanna feel better try going plant based vegan. You can eat as much as you want without worrying about weight gain. You can eat with no guilt because the food is really good for you. Please try it	 it may cure you're eating disorders for good																																			this was a great video																																				Hi Gabbie I have an eating disorder too and I all ways wanted to relate to celebrities and people I love. I finally got to do that today. I have failure to empty. I get bloated for days and days and I look funny and my clothes don't fit. Then I go back to normal. I have had indoscopes and surgeries. I don't eat for days. I'm doing much better these days less surguries. I'm ready to begin a new chapter and I'm glad someone can relate to being like this.																																				"I wish i could sit down and have A convorsation with gabbie. We have the same body type where its next to impossibal to lose weight but breathing maked me gain weight, im a ""recovered"" anorexic (although i relapse a lot) a closeted bulimic and just fat all around."																																				Thank you																																				There's this thing I do sometimes	 and I don't recommend it. I catch myself doing it so I stop trying to do it and learn that I should be happy at myself not what's on the scale. Well anyway recently I've been losing weight (in a healthy I used to constantly over-eat and not exercise or I would eat when I was bored) I had just lost a lot of weight and then I decided to go weigh myself and so I did. And every damn time I would weigh myself I refused to eat. I would not eat	 because I was so happy that I lost weight	 that I would refuse food	 I started naturally refusing food and some of it was actually because I was not hungry and the other half because I didn't want to gain weight. So it got to a point where I kept refusing food so much that my sister asked her bestfriend little sister if I was eating. It then hit that sometimes I would starve myself. I realize I should probably feed myself	 I learn that losing weight wouldn't matter if I didn't care for my body. So yea																															please please give more insight and perspective of this story! from the route! i believe its a great thing and one day i hope i can realease all of my own experiences and my voice on things because it does help not only anybody who watches but yourself. its really a good idea in my opinion. good luck gab.																																				"Gabbie thank you so much for this video. It really stuck a chord with me, I've been struggling with this myself. I have been told the same thing, I hated when anyone would calls me ""solid"" or ""bigger framed"", I sometimes just stand in front of the mirror counting the things I hate about my body.But honestly hearing this come from you, someone I think of as a positive role model for young women means a lot to me. It shows me that I'm not alone. I think I need to turn the corner. Thank you for helping me see that."																																				I'm crying so hard and I can't stop.. I've struggled for years with this eating disorder and idk how to stop it. I've never talked to anyone about it... but watching this video gabbie... omg I'm not the only one! All my freaking life I have the fat girl in the family... and I have never felt good enough... I really don't think I ever will.. but I think I need to talk to someone about this... idk if I could though..... I just need help ________																																				this is why i love you																																				"I have problems with stress eating. If I had a bad day all I want is carbs and sugar. I was extremely poor for the past five years so I ate anything that came my way because I didn't know the next time I would eat. That's hog feeding right? Yeah... well now Im 60 lbs overweight and hate my body. I'm eating better now and got my finances in order, but again, I still stress eat. Along with that I was always super skinny before. I averaged 34""-23""-36"" and had many compliments. When I would bring up that I wanted to do weight lifting everyone told me ""No... muscular girls are gross"" ...so I never got into the habit of having a regular exercise routine. I talk myself out of workouts constantly which is possibly my biggest problem. I hate the way I feel and I hate the way I look. Any tips on how to stop talking myself out of a workout and/or stress eating?"																																				You would be great at slam poetry																																				Gabbie you have such a beautiful body I can't believe anyone ever called you fat!																																				I don't think I have an eating disorder but it's pretty bad . I hate my body and obsess over because my boyfriend makes stupid comments to me and it gets to point where I don't eat because I want to feel hungry and it's so unhealthy but thank you Gabbie you're a huge inspiration to me and I'm so happy you're alive																																				Gabbie I love you so much ____																																				"hey i know you probably would ignore this but i'm going to tell u my story.. even though no one would read it. when i was a whole lot younger [4-5 yrs old], i was considered 'chubby' but like i gave a shit; food was my life. i moved to canada when i was 6 and i the other girls in my class are a whole lot skinnier than me. before i moved, i used to play basketball and tennis but ever since i came to canada, i only did swimming but i quit later on. once i was 8 years old, i reached 100 pounds but still, i couldn't give any fucks; i just ate and ate. 2 years have passed and i went to go weigh myself and i couldn't believe my eyes: i was 140 pounds. i went on vacation that year and stayed with my dad's side of the family, who forced me to exercise. honestly, their food was soo good that i would exercise for like 2 minutes a week and give up. i was considered ""obese"" because of my figure, i was really short and i weighed 140 pounds. when i got back home, i weighed 145 pounds and i never really paid attention to my weight. i went back to school from my long vacation and i've developed a crush on this guy, let's call him ""bob"" [that's not his actual name]. the reason why i'm mentioning him is because he of future references later on. ""bob"" was literally an angel, well in my eyes at least. he was a grade already than me since we had split classes. my friend told him that i liked him and he bit his lip and walked away. i was heart broken but it was the end of the school year so i have the whole summer to cry about him. and i forgot to mention that this was my puberty year and i got my period, grew a few inches and so on. sixth grade came and to be honest, it was one of the best years i've had. i was in a straight class (just grades sixes) and i made a whole lot of friends. i've made a new best friend and we would spend the time together. we also had a crush on the same guy but that doesn't even matter. i found out ""bob"" likes me this year and i was shocked. he sat with me on the bus and he almost kissed me. i was so happy i could literally scream; instead i jerked my head off and moved to a different seat. his friends would always tease me about him, vise versa. earlier that year, i didn't have that many friends so i made a horrible decision by pretending i was depressed and told everyone. i highly regret it but half of the year was probably the best i've had. part of that year, i didn't like so much either. this is the age where most kids mature and notice other people and their features. one of my guy friends called me fat and i got quite offended. i didn't do anything to be honest, i went to the doctors that day and i weighed exactly 164 pounds. 2 months passed and i was so happy i lost 4 pounds. the doctor said i still needed to lose more so i started going to the gym with my aunt. at that time, i figured that food is the cause of gaining weight so i would purge once a day. the end of sixth grade came and my squad and i had a sleepover. they were all wearing sports bras and shorts because of the weather and there's me: i wore a onesie. i was quite confident in my own skin until i started noticing the features like this. summer started and i saw bob at the park. i went to go say hi to him when he snickered, ""what are you doing here?"" he asked. i shrugged. ""umm, you know no one likes someone as fat and ugly as you so can you do a favour a kill yourself?"" i ran home and broke down crying. luckily, my family went to toys r us to buy my sister a new toy. they came home and i told them i ate, them nodding and walking off. my mom would always put flavour on to her meals so she'd put extra salt or sugar which increased the calories. i started starving myself in the morning but would eat a meal at the end of the day, puking it all out after. i'd lock myself inside because of how ashamed i am of my body; unless i workout with my aunt or i was forced. i didn't get enough food in my body so i started to get dizzy and i once collapsed in the bathroom. me leaving the door knob open, my dad found me and he woke me up. he gave me mcdonalds, a restaurant i once loved but now hate. he forced me to eat it and i couldn't say no. food felt so good in my stomach and i gained 3 pounds. i started to panic because i weigh 144 pounds. a few weeks have passed of me doing the same thing which lead to school starting. i weighed exactly 133 pounds but i needed to lose more. i went to hang out with my best friend and my other guy friend who called me fat. he said i lost a bit of weight and i was happy he noticed. school has started and everyone thought i was new. i got loads of compliments and i was so happy. i sat on the bus and bob looked at me, said i was fat and he went back to listening to music. this happened after a month of school happening and i went to the doctor and i weighed 128 pounds. my best friend was having a pool birthday party and i wanted to look my best so i tried to stay in my shape. i looked absolutely fat because i had kfc for breakfast and i didn't have time to purge it out. my parents got me a ymca membership so i can workout by myself. i starved myself for 3 days and i weighed 122 pounds. this happened before christmas and i was so happy. my best friend and i got into a fight and she found out: same with my teacher. my family already knew and are completely concerned about me. to this day, i weigh 116 pounds and i still suffer from an eating disorder, but i managed to gain a bit of weight [8 pounds] in a year and i'm doing well. it was my way to make bob regret saying those words he told me a long time ago. if you're still reading then thank you so much for taking the time of your day to read one of 7 billion people's stories in the world"																																				"I'm sort of the opposite of most people, because I take Ritalin for my ADHD and most of these medicines make you lose your appetite. And in general I'm a very flat and thin person and I have always been (not complaining), but this just made it worse. I'm fifteen and a little bit above average height (5'5"") and I have never made it over a hundred pounds. I'm probably about ninety five pounds right now and I can literally go until dinner without a real meal (like I have snacks) and this scares me because I understand I don't have the muscle or other things that might add weight like your upper area (I'm 32A) but I'm sort of the opposite of everyone in the way that I actually want to gain weight. I'm a little worried about myself and I think the fact that I'm not getting the right nutrients is making my anxiety so much worse than it already is."																																				Gabbie how are you doing sweetheart? Much love and respect. <3																																				You're amazing!!!!																																				OMFG at first i thought u meant pet goldfish and you ate a live fish																																				"""Survival mode"" isn't a thing, the binge days probably cancelled out the restricting days. Real survival mode only happens when someone is deathly skinny and hair starts calling out etc"																																				"This is an amazing video that has a comment section spoiled by constant 'go vegan!' ""Everything will be cured if you go vegan!' Ik you want to promote your diet but its not the thing to comment on a v serious video about her eating disorder struggle. On another note, i love this video and gabbie you are amazing xx :)"																																				"I started to cry when you said that all your life people called you ""fat"" and so you began and continued to think that way because that's all you ever heard. I cried because I know exactly how that feels. Growing up and even into my early 20s people made comments about me being fat, so that is all I ever thought and even if I'd exercise, eat right, and lose weight, I still thought I was this really obese person and I also had a very hard time taking compliments seriously because I never believed anyone could, would, or did find me attractive. I will probably always think this way because it was pounded into my head. People don't realize the affect they have on others by making hurtful comments. People also don't realize that it starts with our kids and the impression we have on them. Who do kids usually look up to? Their parents. So, if you are constantly making negative comments about yourself then your kids will start to think this way about themselves. So, we all need to project a positive image on one another and build each other up because you never know what a positive compliment can do for a person. Oh, and whenever Gabbie talks about being ""fat"" or whatever else she says to put herself down, I just don't see it. I see this hilarious, attractive woman that I think is great."																																				You helped me	your pretty much the only person I will and only listen to	I have went through more pain then my mom has I have been bullied	punched	cyber bullied	and I have a eating disorder myself	I starred this back when I was 9 yeah 9	I was always bullied because of how I looked and how I was not the typical great girl	I started to slit my wrist when I was 10	almost slit my throat	I'm gonna stop bye																										Love you queen. Keep doing you___																																				These past few weeks I've been told I've lost a lot of weight but I don't believe it	 I avoid full body mirrors I hate taking full body pictures and like you I've been called fat or compared to my sisters who have always been smaller than me all my life and I've struggled with my eating habits it hard to get out of that way of thinking I still haven't found a way to love my body for how it is																																			Gabby ur beautiful _ ur goals af. and I'm so proud on how far uve come :) love you and ur channel																																				I literally have an eating disorder and I don't relate to you at all :///																																				Please make a more in depth video <3																																				i love you. And you hit home for me.																																				please make a more in depth video this video is so relatable please help me and others ____																																				She is honestly so pretty and I'm so happy that she is getting better																																				Hey Gabbie	 sorry I'm kinda late to this video but I have the same thing you do. I either binge eat or I don't eat anything. It's nice to know someone who has the same problem I do. I don't necessarily know if I have an eating disorder or not but either way I know I have to stop my habits. Either way I just wanted to let you know I get it.																																			I understand this is to help, but I've tried a lot of things to lose weight even though I am 'healthy'. I look overweight and I refuse to touch a scale. My friends have picked up that I don't eat lunch at school and survive off juice, water, and small amounts of cheerio cereal packets. I eat okay at home, but that's dwindling since my parents have been bringing home only fast food for a bit. I have people to talk to, and sometimes I DO like my body. But then I walk into school and all these girls are stick thin and talk about how much they weigh. -Lilly																																				Do any of y'all have any advice for me cause yeah I have taken somthing out of this video but I am 200 pounds and I am only 12 I really need help because I am not fat I am sick																																				I would definitely like to see a more in depth video. It took real guts for you to post something like this	 thank you so much. If I have the money	 me and my family are coming to your Nashville show :)																																		wow this video hit me super hard	 it helps a lot to see people who you watch on youtube to make yourself feel beter actually are going through the same problems you're affected by.. stay strong gabbie <3 we are here for you and so many people look up to you																																			I love this __																																				You're so pretty	Gabbie_																																			"I'm 15, my height is 5'5"" and weigh 112, am I too fat?"																																				I know exactly what you mean about not being able to swallow food!!! I seriously didn't know that was a thing	 but it's happened to me on and off since February. In Feb-March there were 18 days straight that I literally couldn't eat. I couldn't even get food close to my mouth	 see food advertisements	 basically everything would make me gag. I finally was able to eat after those long and miserable weeks. I am very weird about food and my weight as well. I know I have messed with my metabolism too	 but I can't stop obsessing and I'm freaking 34 years old. __ Anyway	 just wanted to tell you you're not alone and never will be! And you ARE skinny AF so deal with it lol! I'm glad you're getting better. Please keep me in your thoughts. I have a son. __																															This hit me way harder than I was expecting....																																				You honestly made my heart warm____ I love you gabbie you are so beautiful and your my goals forever!!____ I LOVE YOU!____ don't let anybody change you. YOU DO YOU BOO__																																				Thank you so much for this	 I personally struggle with anorexia and bulimia. You are so very inspiring. Thank you for being so raw and open. __																																			This helped me so much.																																				Gabbie youre so beautiful though ___																																				why do youtubers as big as you actually find the time to focus on random people on the internet and their opinions? i don't get it.																																				gabbie <3																																				Fuck all of the people that disliked this video this was the best video ever________																																				I can't stop staring at her neck...																																				more vids like this __																																				I'm 12	 5'0	 and I weigh 115. Is this okay? Please be homest																																		for a few years	 and still now	 i have dealt and deal with weighing a lot	 i am overweight	 but i don't hate myself	 idk	 i have been trying to figure out how to lose weight in a healthy way	 i'm fourteen	 THIS IS TOO MUCH	 My best friend says don't worry about weight because your beautiful and nice and sweet and a good person	 but i do worry about weight	 because i'm afraid of dying	 i'm afraid of diabetes	 i'm not to where i would die though	 and idk	 i think i have an eating disorder (i eat too much) and i know to not stop eating	 though sometimes i want to	 it's hard and i like wearing baggy clothes because i feel uncomfortable in fitting clothes and blaaaaaaah	 idk	 thank you Gabbie	 i love you	 you've helped me a lot and i love you															Clickbait																																				wow..I always thought u were so confident in your body! I'm skinny and I've been jealous of yours because u seem so confident in it :) be you babe we all love you _																																				__ you gabbie																																				You should not think that you were ever ugly or fat you were always perfect Gabbie																																				Don't ever let your body control you. I was bullied and was fearful of becoming fatter so I for a long time wasn't eating and actually was suffering from anorexia and I felt like I was getting fatter even though I was actually underweight. look be proud of your body and don't let anyone ever drive you to near death intentionally or unintentionally																																				I love you																																				she's not fat	 she's really pretty ____																																			This made a difference in the weight loss journey I am on:)																																				best and most honest video who've posted. xx thank you. nice to here others struggle with it too																																				Whenever I have a rough day and am feeling defeated by my own body	 I re-watch this video and give my head a shake. Thank you Gab for always inspiring me and many others. <3																																			Veganism would help you																																				this is so relatable about not being to socialize because of eating out ____																																				DO A EATING DISORDER VID																																				You are so so beautiful. Seriously	 the second I saw you I thought you were so pretty and I was jealous. I know it's still a struggle but I just wanted to counteract any nasty comments and say you're amazing.																																			I like it when you make videos like this!																																				She ate goldfish?																																				Your not fat your puffy (like the adorable unicorn in despicable me)																																				Bless your heart for your honesty. I've been watching a lot of your videos recently and I enjoy all of them. You are an amazing person & I appreciate you taking the platform you have to be funny AND spreading good word. xo																																				I love this video because I relate so much and it's nice to know other people have the same eating disorder as you																																				"I had that same ""oh, yeah i do have that,"" moment with my tics and it took a friend just kinda saying, ""yeah im aware of your tics"" when i said sorry about a twitch i had. I guess I just wanted to say I feel you Gabbie."																																				Wow... I have chills. This is totally what I need to tell myself every day.																																				Thank you Gabbie__																																				I'm so glad that Gabbie is someone who has achieved a fair amount of success in her life. She is SUCH a good human and deserves nothing but positive things! <3																																				Thank you Gabbie	 thank you so much for this video. This really helped me realize something that I couldn't see on my own.																																			Favorited the video because I'm going to watch it everytime I start doubting myself or beating myself up.																																				When you said goldfish I thought that you just put your hand into the tank and ate them and I was like okayÉ???																																				Megs props to you girl																																				who tf thumbs down __																																				I can't even believe people still call you fat	 cause honestly	 the first time I watched you	 I thought your body was beautiful and I aspire to have your shape. Stay strong love	 your beautiful.																																I needed this video (:																																				Omg yazz let me know more about this and if u told Zane my god hopely u didnt lmao																																				I want to give u a virtual hug __																																				i've just recently started struggling with my weight but i only realized it today. we had this survey and it said do you consider yourself very underweight	 slightly underweight	 medium	 slightly overweight	 very overweight. i circled slightly underweight (im 12 years old and i weigh 89 lbs) the next question was what are you doing with your weight	 nothing	 trying to keep it the same	 lose weight	 or gain weight. i circled lose weight. it hit me hard	 id never realized that i do really struggle accepting myself. everyone always says	 omg tessa how are you so skinny and now i realize a cant let go of the number 89. if i pass it i will freak... i need to accept myself but i feel if im told im perfect the way i am or that im the perfect weight it will only make it worse..																										You're beautiful. I definitely relate to this sooooooo... much																																				And I used to think i'm fat but my mom told me I wasn't. She said I was like one of those girls who are not fat nor skinny. She also says it comes from my dads sisters	 and that's why I have big hips (if you know what I mean) my mom said I have a great body and fine the way I am. (im 13 8th grade btw)																																			Gabbie	 you are such a motivational and inspirational girl	 don't let anyone judge you on your body weight	 because you are beautiful! Thank you for making this video to help others	 you are lucky to have amazing people in your life to help you	 not everyone has that. Thank you for having such a positive attitude	 and sharing this for us. You are not fat you are perfect	 everyone has an idea that they have to be 'perfect' when really	 we were made to be unique and different so don't ever stop being positive!! Good job getting through this	 You are beautiful	 you are inspirational	 you are funny	 you are amazing	 you are perfect__																							That outro song got me. IM FUCKING CRYING MY EYES OUT LMFAO SOMEBODY HELP																																				Gabbie you are perfect just the way you are. you bring joy and happiness to all who watch your videos and subscribe to your page. don't ever change thing be strong you are stronger them you know.... have a blessed day																																				please make more videos like this so I don't feel alone																																				Are you kidding me gabbie!! I look at you and you are such a gorgeous girl and have an amazing personality																																				True i love you gabbie. Your amazing																																				You look great and you always have. It's sad that someone as beautiful as you gets so much hate. Don't let it get to you. __																																				this video almost made me cry																																				wow gabbie you are beautiful and strong																																				gabbie you're so beautiful______ I'm 12 and I'm always anxious about eating. this boy i was really good friends with suddenly started to hate me for no reason. every time I'm upset I don't eat because I want to fell good about something. my friends make comments about my weight and I am done with it. the boy would also laugh at me and make comments. I am starting to barely eat anything. I wish I could just feel OK about myself....																																				Do the stripped down challenge	 no makeup	 10 minutes	 no edits no nothing just a straight video about you and your life	 and what's currently going on in ur life	 problems	 things ur excited about	 insecurities etc. Loveee you Gabbie																													sending all my love your way xxx																																				pleaseeeeee do another video going into depth. I am struggling with the literal exact same thing as you and I am lost. pleaseeeeee Gabs. love	 Lotte (your biggest fan)																																			gabbie you are so amazing and beautiful inside and out. i love how humble and kind you are and honestly i look at you as a goal and have said if i looked like gabbie i woupd be happy because gabbie UR HOT! love you lots and im happy you are overcoming this day by day:)) xxx																																				I watched this video when you posted it in July	 and I've taken your advice and I'm now happy with my body. So	 I then set a goal to be healthy instead of losing weight	 and I unintentionally lost 50 pounds.You've changed my life	 Thank you.																																gabbies forced smiles and laughs breaks my heart I give u all the hugs __________																																				Do more story times																																				__																																				wow i really needed to see this. thank you so much for making this.																																				Gurl please	 you are fucking BEAUTIFUL!!!																																			I love this videos which show your journey in depth	 helps normalize the human experience we all go trough																																			Gabbie	 I love you and I'd love to hear more about this	 especially because it means a lot to you.																																		I love you so fucking much. I'm so fucking proud of you																																				Gab you're so so beautiful. This means a lot because I've been receiving treatment and battling ed and depression for 6 years now and you just reminded me why I'm on this path to recovery in the first place. You're amazing and thank you for being so brave and inspiring thousands of people and reminding us that we don't need to be skinny to be beautiful. This is the first time I've ever commented on a youtuber's video because it really affected me so much in a good way. Thank you Gab	 keep rocking.																																			You are beauitful and I always say hope hold on pain ends I've only just got out of a mental hospital and I was in it for a year and half you help so much you always make me smile but this made me cry I wanna be healthy but not that healthy I wanna be able to go to a shop and not think about pills or razors and vids like this really do give me hope thanks for being you and 3 months clean and hopefully forever ahead clean thanks xx																																				wow. this was really eye-opening and beautifully said. I think and have always though you're beautiful	 and you're actually my goal after pic. WE LOVE YOU GABBIE!																																			Love you Gabbie __																																				"I just wanted to say a few things. I have been struggling with my weight for a very very long time. I still obsess over it pretty much any time I see myself in the mirror or when I look down at my body. I have never been proud to be in my skin, and I am not in the place to be proud of it yet. I went through so many rough patches, like starving myself and attempting things like suicide. And just knowing I can come to Youtube and see a real, honest girl talking about her struggles doesn't make me feel alone anymore. It makes me happy knowing I can come to a safe place and talk about my struggles knowing someone will listen. And I am really happy someone is here to tell me to ""hold on and keep fighting"" Thank you Gabbie____"																																				"OH god, I definitely have something wrong with me. I stress so much about food. I will never go out to eat because I stress about it. I've been to a therapist but I stopped going but I definitely think I need to go back.. I enjoy working because I'm on the go and never eat. I'll eat a bowl of cereal at 6:30 in the morning and won't eat again until 5 at night or 6. Then, the weekend comes and I feel like I eat so much. But to others its normal amount of food. If I eat something ""bad"" I stress so much and have to talk myself through it that I won't gain a thousand pounds from a few wheat thins. God I don't want to live like this. I was an overweight kid, and when I lost it all when I got older, I guess it just stuck with me that I am a fat pig. When to others, I'm fine or even thin. Sigh."																																				wait do you seriously yoyo because thats fucking hot																																				Gabbie your not even fat ____																																				Gabs	 why	why	 do u lie to urself cot dammit.gabbie you are beautiful dont let other haters who are total strangers tell you who you are u saved me gabbie.i was so skinny i coud see my cot damn ribs threw my skin.and i know the struggle is REAL cus ive seen it and im only 10. you are a young	amazing	beautiful young woman and i cant watch ur vids like this cus it pops another blood vessel in my heart and kills me inside because u think that u need to loose weight.ur beatiful dont let anyone tell u otherwise.every morning i wake i wish i was u.someone who is strong who isnt worried about the next mean comment. gabbie i luv u and so many other people do too.u r amazing just the way u are__ and remember barbie is made out of plastic thats why shes perfect.																															Thank you thank you!!!! You are amazing and so beautiful inside and out__																																				I wish I had your boobs and ass gabby. lol I got the bad genes and I'm flat chested with no ass. I feel the only way I can make up for it is by being super skinny. I'm currently 20 lbs underweight																																				GURL YOU ARE NOT FAT	 IN FACT YOU ARE THE OPPOSITE. YOU hAVE A DREAM BODY WHICH I WOULD KILL TO HAVE. I AM WAY TOO SKINNY BUT I EAT AS MUCH AS EVERYONE ELSE. i am insecure and everyone says i need to eat more but i just can't. my parent don't believe im too skinny but its clear that i am. on some parts of my body you can see the shape of my bones (not where you are supposed to). The skininess is making me ectremely ugly not to mention my hair is too poofy which means i can't leave it open	 so i look like more shit. BUT GABBIE YOU ARE ON POINT I LOVE YOU SOOO MUCH. KEEP DOING WHAT YOU ARE DOING AND NEVER THINK OF YOURSELF AS UGLY OR FAT. i LOVE YOU <3333333																																		This vide was so so inspiring																																				Gabri I have been stuggling with my weight. I get bullied everyday. U make my life better																																				You're such an amazing person!!!! And you look amazing. I can't tell you to never doubt yourself	 nor can I tell anyone that because I do it to myself all the time. I am one of the most insecure people you will meet (for other personal reasons) I have an eating disorder. I will never feel hunger until I'm doing something really active (I.e. I'm on a swim team) then I'll get really weak and dizzy. I try to force myself to eat at least one meal a day even if I don't feel hungry. How did you stop your eating disorder???																																			Gabbie your beutiful dont worry i would take you out rather than any supermodel on the planet you are also funny as all hell so gabs if anybody says anything about yur weight fuk em you are gorgeous																																				did anyone elses parents say that u will get skinnier once u hit puberty well that never happens does it																																				this REALLY hit me deep																																				I'm crying now...																																				"Very proud of you for posting this video. I too have an eating disorder, but could not gain weight to save my life (male, 6 feet one inch tall, and weigh 145 lbs). Doctors, therapists and a whole host of other professionals just don't buy what I'm saying. It took me dumping out 3000+ dollars of food receipts - one of my worst months ever - on the table for someone to listen to me. It's given me a laundry list of health issues that almost killed me, had me living in a car, and more. Keep at it sweetheart; you're bound to find the right plan for you in time. Much love."																																				I think I have the same problem with calories...																																				I really needed this today. Thank you																																				your honestly so beautiful																																				Gabs ur not fat at all honest																																				please talk more about this	 it's really inspiring. i have an eating disorder too.																																			"I almost get an eating disorder last year, because all of my friends are SUPER skinny, and this mean boy keep calling me fat, when now i realize i'm not even fat, i am almost under my ideal weight, and now i realize i am skinny, i'm curvy, wich is diferent to fat, wich just makes me realize of such unrealistic status to ""skinny"" we get, anyways what i say is stay healthy, you are perfect just the way you are, as long as you don't have any extra or under weight you're healty, and if you do, you are still beautiful i am not denieing that, i just say stay healty, don't worry about what others think of you, care about what you think of you, because the world is waiting for you, you're a firework, come and show 'em what you worth"																																				Oh my god this is amazing Gabbie... Thank you so much	 I really mean it	 this touched me really deep down somewhere inside of me. Thank you... :) I love you																																		i wanna die every time you call yourself fat. my mom used to call me fat all the time	 saying i was ugly	 compared me to others	 you are so beautiful	 no fat at all	 i know what that word does to us	 it hurts so FUCKING BAD. i wish you the best. btw	 my grammar sucks	 i know	 unfortunately i was born in other country and learn English all by myself. sorry																											Gabbie I love you. Thank you for making this video. I am really struggling with my post baby body. I have struggled for as long as I can remember about my weight and my body and my looks. Thanks for reminding me what's important __																																				Gabbie	 you are fucking perfect																																			waitwaitwait 500-800 calories isn't normal?? i eat like 570 everyday and i feel like it's a lot																																				I'm feeling this so much. My weight and food and hunger consume my whole fucking mind and body. I feel bored and frustrated but at the same time I love food so much. I feel so worthless and my weight bothers me more than anything. I am so embarrassed every single time I put on clothes. I have too many clothes because I can't ever find anything that fits me right but I buy what I wish I could wear. It's so frustrating and terrifying. I don't know how to stop eating. I eat when my stomach is full and hurting and I can't stop. Thanks for making this video	 gabbie. I love you	 darling.																																		oh honey try to concentrate on thousands on thousands of comments who tell how perfect u are instead (this is one of them) .. u're my inspiration gabs i look up to u and i love u so so much <3																																				Gabbie you have a heart and body of gold. You are my role model . And I know you are better now but if it gets bad look back at this and the people that love you SOOOOOOO much. And you are so amazing and beautiful and the fact you do a normal real video and not one on your phone ! Love you . We all do ___																																				In the beginning	 she kinda reminded me of Debby Ryan																																			Gabbie you are beautiful just the way you are.																																				Honestly if you're comfortable I'd love a more in depth video. If not	 that's ok!																																			I'm just now seeing this ..I can relate and dealing with it now																																				I can relate Gabbie. I have mild anorexia but I view myself as fat. You're so inspiring	 keep doing what you do!																																			Ah. Okay so I just would like to comment how much you inspire me. I have an eating disorder and so like hearing that story of the lady by the pool really put things into perspective. Like I get that I'm skinny but I always compare myself to someone skinnier. And I never think of myself to be good enough. But now that I actually think that people would want my body and I'm treating it like trash	 it really makes me want to stop harming myself. I know how much time and effort this will take	 but I really want to get better now. And I'm motivated to do so. And also you're really pretty and your stories and your vlogs make me laugh so much! I love you	 and you've helped me soo much.																																	I totally relate to this post. I have problems with eating disorders too. I don't look like someone who has an eating disorder though. You wouldn't look at me & think omg she's has an eating disorder. I'm the total opposite of what someone with an eating disorder would look like. I really do hate myself. I hate the way I look. I need to lose so much weight but I'm disabled which makes things so much harder for me. I seriously want to scream right now but it's 4am so not the best idea. I'll probably just silently cry myself to sleep. haha wow	 I sound so pathetic :-/																																			Hey Gabbie. Everyone you clicked the like on this video thinks you are an amazing inspiration. You are awesome. You are beautiful.																																				I just wish that people would stop being so damn mean. You are perfect. Just the way you are. Never change. Never think that you're less than everyone else. You are the person that I look up to	 and wish I could be like. Never	 EVER	 forget that.																																	this made me cry it hit so hard thank you <3 im recovering from my eating disorder and this really made my night <3																																				Gabbie	 this was super inspirational. I've never been through what you have	 but all I known is that doing something like over coming an eating disorder must be pretty difficult	 but you did it. You are beautiful and don't let anyone tell you otherwise.___																																	"""I hope this helps somebody"""																																				I don't eat for 3 days																																				I really understand	 I never eat																																			i Just watched this for the first time and I'm really glad i did. I really look up to you Gabbie. You have some smart things to say and I appriciate them.																																				Thank you so much for sharing	 even if this is a few months old. <3																																			I have had so many people who called me fat I have had eating disorder for 3 or 4 years and I'm not even 12 years old this video has helped me so much I watch it as much as I can to help my eating disorder and my health I'm happier now but every day I hear your fat by one of my family members																																				I'm so proud of you because I'm working through the same issues. I've had this problem for almost 2 or 3 years. I've cried and was afraid of dying from this and I've felt and been implies of being fat. I've started working on gaining and maintaining weight but moral of the story	 even though I am not very happy and I'm still very conscious of my body and how I look My weight is what it's supposed to be. I just have these expectations unattainable for myself. I'm so happy to have met you over YouTube from watching you with Shane. I'm glad especially that I watched this video. You are an inspiration and I aspire to be like you now.																																			please gab	 do a more in depth video please pleaseeee like if you think she should ILYSM gabbiee																																			Hey Gabbie	 this video is honestly beautiful. I have a real quick question	 I am 14 and I really want to eat healthier and workout more but being that I live with my parents I can't pick what my mom buys. I have asked my parents multiple times for us to start eating healthier but it never sticks. Because healthier food is honestly a good bit more expensive and we really can't afford that. So do you have any idea on what could help? If not I understand. Thanks anyway!__																																		You are such an inspiration! Seriously	 thank you for this.. I can relate so much! When I was 17	 and my husband and I met	 I was 120 pounds	 almost a size 00	 yet	 I still saw myself as fat. We had our first child almost 2 years ago	 and I'm 200 pounds	 with stretch marks. The weight has been so hard too lose	 and what comes with having a baby	 everything sags. (sorry	 TMI) and it has crushed me	 I'm 21	 I shouldn't look like this! but	 Gabs	 you're right. You should be comfortable In your own skin. This body made	 and housed a tiny little human. That's something to be proud of. Love you!																				Gabbie	 I relate to this video a lot and you've made me feel like I'm not alone. We're all on our own journey	 but I feel like it doesn't have to be a lonely one because there's people like you out there who keep positive and give me hope. Keep doing what you're doing. I love you!!!																																		I know you may never see this comment but thank you. Thank you for being such a positive influence to people. I honestly was like you and had an eating disorder and didn't even notice it myself. I used to only drink water and drink one grilled cheese sandwich a day. Looking back I never noticed that I was even doing that to myself. I still have issues with weight and have a lot to lose but thank you for being a positive motivator in my life even though it's just through the internet!																																				I would love to know more !																																				Hey Gabbie. I have been watching your videos for a long time and I never thought of you as fat. I have trouble with thinking that I am fat	 definitely not a eating disorder but just that demon in my head saying your too fat. You are such an inspiration to me and I just want to thank you. I love you so much!! Bye!																																			You are beautiful! Keep staying strong and know you are not alone. Very brave for sharing this video. Much love <3																																				I love you __ your perfect																																				gabbi	 this n e v e r happens	 but this was so eye opening and inspirational	 that it made me cry. thank you gabbi. im starting therapy for the first time today	 and tbh im kind of nervous. this helped	 so much. i love you	 gabbi. Stay alive fren.																														Gabbie you're skinnier than me and i'm 13																																				so you eat and purge?! and starve yourself of calories after eating an unhealthy thing?!																																				I have been unable to sleep tonight and I'm new to your videos. I just started watching them about an hour ago	 and through a series of them it led me here and I realized that this video was what I needed. You have vocalized everything I feel like I've been going through the past couple years. Recovering from my own binging and purging eating disorder and I definitely am falling back into the thick of it. This video was a great reminder of what I need to be thinking about rather than what I have been. Thank you!																																			This was really helpful for me because I suffer from anorexia and I'm trying to get better.																																				I admire how you have the courage to talk about something so personal to thousands of people... __																																				Omg you just made my day																																				"I have the same problem, life sux, but u don't hafto. I nvr counted calories, but I was and still kinda am obsessed with tag#s and the sscale. I don't own a scale cuz the last time I did, I was weighing myself twice a day to see if I lost anything. But I gain n lose weight all the time n I hate it. I got up to 220lbs, in a year I lost 80lbs. So I was down to 160. I felt good but on the skinnier side n hated it. People told me I looked good, but all I could see in the mirror was bones. So I gained 15lbs n am now 175. I feel big at this weight. Even tho I have been waaay bigger. I hold the weight weird. I'm wide, not forward fat if that makes sence. N my arms are of a bigger girl. So I don't look in the mirror, only to do my hair and makeup. It literally makes me sick. But people tell me all the time""u look good"" n all I can think is""yeah, with these clothes on, if u saw me naked, ud barf"" people say girls wear makeup to hide what they don't want people to see, I wear clothes to hide. Not for fashion, not to show off ""what I got"" bbut so people don't see how flabby n riddled with stretch marks I am. Gaining and losing weight really fucks with ur body. N mine is fucked, so I hide in clothing. I haven't worn a bathing suit in almost a decade. but that's me."																																				you're gorgeous																																				I needed this ..																																				Gabbie	 you inspired me to become a youtuber	 you are amazing! For those of you who haven't seen my channel	 go check it out. :)																																	I'd like to know a little more about this and how you thought and what happened. But overall you're so fucking gorgeous and you aren't a stick but you are definitley not fat	 you're skinny and you're face is fucking beautiful (even your nose it's adorable)																																			honestly	 gabbie	 in the past 7 days you have become one of my favourite content creators on the internet. I love the way you capture your followers with your storytelling. you are so raw. you don't shy away from talking about controversial topics or stigmatised topics and that is what helps so many people through their own struggles. you show us what it can be like to live with these things and be happy and I am really grateful for that. on behalf of everyone you have made smile and helped with your content: Thank you!																																		gabbie I'm complementing you i think you are an inspiration to many people I love u so much x__																																				your not fat your curvy I'm 100 percent honest there is a big difference																																				Hi	 Gabbie. I doubt you'll read this comment	 but I want to say thank you for making this video. I started watching your videos this week	 and this one made me cry. Why? Because I am about your size	 I struggle with the EXACT same anxiety and weight issues	 and for the same amount of time that you have. Since I was very young. To this day	 even my own mother makes mean comments about my eating habits and my weight that really don't help me with my struggle. Lately I also have been binge eating a lot without even realizing it	 and not working out. I have goals to start taking care of my body again. Sorry	 starting to ramble	 but I'm just glad that I was able to relate to you. It made me feel a little less ashamed of myself	 and helped me realize that I really need to start making some healthy changes in my life. Idk what else to say. Thank you for keeping it real. <3																										please post more details about your journey if you are comfortable with sharing. i respects your struggle and im going through similar things.																																				"and what i like about what that woman said was, ""im just trying to be healthy."" not im trying to be skinny, but healthy. i wish people would realize you can still be big but healthy, and not just physically healthy. be confident no matter if youre fat skinny or whatever the fuck. confidence is such a turn on for most people and hey even if youre not confident someone is still going to be find you so beautiful and amazing, maybe not even in a romantic way but a friend who thinks you're the shit helps a lot. basically, no matter what size you are, learn to love your size. thats more important than being skinny."																																				I love you Gabbie :) you're a very inspiring and beautiful girl _ and this is coming from a 20 year old girl who connected with you on this :)																																				I'm saving this for sure. You just changed my life. <3																																				OMG... this is my life.																																				"I'm twelve years old and a couple of months ago I was 130 pounds. I hated my body so so much. I tried exercising, but I would stop in a couple of days and started binging. And throwing up. And binging. And throwing up. I stopped eating all together, and evenÊthoughÊIÊlost 30 pounds from not eating, I was so tired and cranky all the time. If I ate something ""bad"", I would regret it, hit myself, and cry. I'm now 98 pounds, but I work out and eat whatever I want and I'm maintaining my weight. eating whatever I want and working out is a million times better than starving myself and not eating. I'm so much happier now. I love myself, and I can't believe I used to be like that."																																				I learned what gabbie learned through a song named love yourz____																																				I'm suffer from two eating disorders and this helped me so much __. I've bee finding it really hard this year to not give into my thoughts and urges. This helped me heaps.																																				"Gabbie you are so beautifull the first time i saw you i litterally thought ""Wow this is a perfect body she has curves"" . Im personally naturally very skinny and when i saw you i thought that i wanted to have a body like you so i am obovously really shocked that you have gone throug this i just want you to know that you are beautifull just the way you are i know this video is a little old but i just wanted you to know that."																																				I hate that u said u cried hours that u are saying that u are not good enough because I wish I could meet u in real life and just get to hug u and talk to u cuz it hurts to see someone beautyful like u think that																																				I am so sorry that people are mean and call u fat if they know u have ur eating disorder and that u think about ur weight and I they do know and say that God saw that and when the times comes they will be reminded of that and u are perfect to me : ) love u																																				wow you just help me I'm in this position in my life were I think I'm the most fat person but you made me realize that I was not that I. have to think of my health and work out to make me feel more confident you also made me realize that have to stop worrying what others think that if I feel comfortable I'm ok and happy																																				_____																																				Thank you! You're beautiful.																																				 Sara	This actually hit so close to home with me ... I'm in actual tears. I've always known that there were people out there who feel like I do	 but hearing someone say it out loud feels like I finally have some place to belong.																																		I'm creeping on all of your comments	 but I don't really care haha! I just want you to know what an inspiration you are to me. It's been a hard year (like for everyone)	 and I've felt so useless. I have a problem with depression and anxiety (and I ate my feelings this year due to mom's passing	 so I gained some weight). I am finally at a place where I am getting help again	 and I just want to graduate college and play college soccer. I just listen to your videos while I'm doing laundry or whatever small project I'm working on and it's a nice edition. I feel like you are so relatable...addressing issues like anxiety takes a lot of courage. I just love you!																																u are so pretty!!!!																																				Gabbie	 you are my goals in body and in personality	 you helped me through my depression	 but i also go to a therapist for my Anxiety so i understand (to some extent) how hard it is. but we all have different levels of it. but watching your videos everyday makes me feel like i'm not alone when i'm going through this. Thank you for being my hand to hold (obviously not literal) :) Thank you for being so strong to share your story. i'm not that strong. Your my Queen <3 love you!																																	thank you																																				This was a really good lesson it was so awesome it was great																																				thank you so much x																																				Thankyou																																				________																																				Gab same with the not being able to swallow	 I can now but I lost a lot of weight. I thought no one else had that																																			"Hi. I know you're probably not interested in hearing my story, but I just had to say something after watching this video. So much of what you said just resonated with me. For 6 years now I have struggled with eating disorders. and I have only just recently started calling them what they are. It started in middle school when I noticed that while all my friend a were starting to get boobs my stomach stuck out farther than my chest. That's when I started watching what I ate. For probably the first year and a half it stayed innocent, just eating healthier and working out, until I dropped from 148 pounds (at the top of the healthy range for my height) to 135 (a very healthy weight.) By that time I had begun high school, and all my friends had these great curves and were dabbling with boyfriends. But me? I was just straight all the way down, and not one single boy had shown any interest in me. I became convinced that if I could lose the extra fat off my stomach and thighs that my boobs and hips would become noticeable. So I started to cut back on what I ate more and more, and worked out a little more and more. Finally I reached the very bottom of the healthy range on a BMI chart for my height, and finally boys were noticing me. 2 years before I had wore size 13 jeans, now I was a 7. I felt great! I got a boyfriend, but I found out that he looked at porn, and I felt (and he said) that if I was skinnier or curvier or sexier he would be able to look only at me. Not only did these things egg me on, but I still saw that all my friends' curves were more noticeable than mine, so I lost more weight. I ate less and worked out more. I eould go all weekend without eating hardly anything and then would make a huge deal out of what I did eat all week long. I eould occasionally go on binges and then work out like crazy and starve myself to make up for it. The amiunt of stress I was under trying to get an honors diploma and maintaining a rocky relationship made me physically so ill that i couldn't eat. But instead of getting a better figure, my butt and boobs disappeared along with the rest of my body fat. One day I looked in the mirror and I saw it. My ribs were sticking out. My collar bone jutted. I was back in AA training bras because adult size bras were too big. My hip bones held my pants up but there was a huge gap down the front so anytime I was shirtless you could see right down them. When I put my feet together, literally touching, I still had a half inch thigh gap. I was officially 11 pounds underweight and wore size 2 pants. Not only was it not pretty, but I was so weak I would get shaky and tried from standing more than a couple minutes and would get dizzy spells and see stars literally every time I stood up. I tried to force myself to eat more, but I would gagand get nauseous and have excruciating stomache aches when I ate. I desperately wanted to say something to someone, to admit I had a problem and that I was scared I might die, but I didn't want anyone to claim I was making it up, being dramatic, or doing it to myself for attention. So I waited, hoping someone else would say something so that I knew I could tell them. But no one ever did. I only ever received a few cruel comments about how I should eat a burger or about how bones aren't pretty. Thankfully, right at that time I got pregnant, and I will always say that those pregnancy hormones saved me. I suddenly felt hungry all the time and started gaining back the weight at a normal pace. After I had my baby, however, I gained another 20 pounds, and because of stress (from that same bad relationship that I am finally strong enough to end) and from hating how I look and how big my clothes are (because this time I actually was ""overweight"" and had to shop for plus sized clothes) I started to get sick again. I started calorie counting, and eating made me nauseous. I started purging and skipping meals. I can easily go a whole day without eating, and probably throw up twice a week. If I eat anything fatty or sugary I skip meals to fix it, and I work out when I can remember to. I probably eat between 800-1,000 calories a day. Fast food and sweets don't even taste good anymore. I gag when I swallow because all I can think about is what the food is doing to my body. I cry because I broke down and had to eat some carbs. Feeling hungry gives me a sense of pride. I hate that I love it so much. I want to lose the weight--no, I need to lose the weight--but I want to lose it normally, not by starving and puking. But eating is so physically painful and so nauseating that I can't stand it. I'm hoping once I'm out of this relationship that it will become easier to defeat my demons, because if lowering my stress levels doesn't do it, I don't know what will. Anyways, I just wanted you to know that you're not alone. I'm there, too. I understand what you're saying and what you're feeling. I can relate to how you didn't even recognize eating disorders for what they are. And I know just how hard it is to admit them. Thank you for speaking up, and for spreading awareness to this problem. I wish someone had said something to me sooner, and I hope your video reached someone else in their time of need. Congratulations on the hard work you have put in to combat your disorder, and good luck as you continue to fight with it."																																				You have inspired me so much	 Gabbie______																																			You are an inspiration__love u gabs																																				Gabbie this helped me the past month i have been trying to loose wate but i love eating and i just cant do it thanks gabbieee																																				I'm 5'6 and 200 lbs and I've fluctuated from 160 to 200 for 2 years now. When I reach the 160 pounds mark for some reason I do really bad and spiral back down . I know I'm extremely unhealthy and I just want to treat my body right	 I'm not saying That's the only reason because I also want to feel confident in the clothes I wear but I struggled a lot with depression and self-harm awhile ago and I'd just treat my body so poorly. I remember one week where I only ate 300 calories a day and it makes me sad that some people are doing that now and have been for years upon years. I'm glad I watched this today because I plan to start working out tomorrow and hope it continues on through the rest of my life. I always restricted and counted my calories before and am a big dieter but now I want to practice moderation because my whole life isn't going to be me staying at home and making food	 I'm going to go on trips and have dinner with friends and I feel like discipline and moderation while also exercising ( in a healthy way) is the way to go. My ultimate goal is to be 125-135 and Hopefully I can do it this time around!																																		______																																				So. I love you. So much. And you're so great and you make me so happy with everything you do. I am so glad you're still here and that you're able to share these things with all of us. It's more help then you realize. So	 thank you so much for just. Everything.																																			This is such a great and inspiring video. It's real	 raw	 and such a good message. Thank you for being strong enough to share your story!																																		I wanna hear more cus ur meee																																				this almost made me cry																																				You are gorgeous__ Always know that__																																				Thank you	 Gabbie. Really. I've been on here	 what- a week or so?- and you have still helped me so much	 probably more than any other person I know in real life. Thank you	 I can t wait to ride this thing called life with you and the rest of these awesome commenting showstoppers. Thank you. We love you <3																																Gabbie	 you're beautiful how you are!!																																			Go more in depth please.																																				MY P.E TEACHER SHOWED US THIS DURING FAMILY LIFE HAHAHA																																				U might be able to tell by my pic but I have had anereoxia for almost a year I am nineteen and I weigh 81 pounds																																				"""It's not about losing calories it's about gaining confidence"" - Gabbi thanks this will probably be the one and only quote I will use for most of my life"																																				....I relate to much to this @--@																																				I have a eating disorder 	 I don't see that I do. But it does hurt me when ppl call me fat. I go cry and think about it. I dont really eat. I don't get hungry. I do consider myself fat. and ppl ( my siblings ) make it worse by calling me names.																																			You are beautiful																																				she is such a beautiful inspiration																																				Dude tf you're the reason I'm recovering from anorexia	 I would fucking kill to look like you but you make me feel so much more comfortable in my own skin																																			I don't consider myself fat but I've never been comfortable in my own skin. The thing is	 my depression makes it hard for me to lose weight because I always turn to food to feel better but in reality it doesn't because I end up gaining weight and feeling like a slob anyway. I recently started working out because I was determined to get off my ass and do something about it (my depression also makes me lose any type of motivation to do anything so I would always so I want to work out but I would never do it). I hope some people find comfort in this comment because it's the reason why I started making Youtube videos and it's helped me find a purpose in life.																																			"I just found you yesterday through JennaMarbles's ""suggestions"", and I totally love your channel. I'm low-key just like watching everything you've ever posted. (Sorry not sorry) I actually started watching and I immediately thought you were hilarious and gorgeous; when I watched a mean comments video and I saw people calling you fat, I didn't really think about it because you look amazing and I didn't even realize that was a ""thing"". You are absolutely not fat in any sense of the word; you're just amazing and gorgeous and you definitely do not deserve anyone ever calling you fat or ugly. I'm so glad you could make this video and that you've found help! So inspiring! -Amy"																																				This gave me so much hope. Thank you Gabbie. ________																																				you go girl	 you are beautiful and perfect. never let anyone tell you that you are not compleatly amazing	 i love you and your videos __ keep up the amazing work!																																		Gabbie	 youre so so so beautiful! You're a hero to me!																																			Gabbie. Ur amazing!! All lives matter	 don't let those mean comments affect u! Ur great stay the way u are! Ya I'm not exactly skinny. I jst imagine myself with a little more booty. Tht way it looks like u have a bigger ass!____ Don't let people bother u! Ur amazing in every way possible!! Love you so much______________________________ Stay positive___________																																			holy fucking god. in germany we dont have those goldfish crackers. I got so fucking concerned like you ate their goldfishes omg																																				I always hear about girls who want to lose weight and I'm sitting here like 'wait, but i want to look like you. I want to gain weight'. All my life people told me that I'm too skinny even though i was naturally skinny and nothing was wrong with me, but it still hurt me because I couldn't change it. Since a few months I started gaining weight but I will never get those beautiful curves and look 'naturally thick' like you. Even my boyfriend says i should gain more and more because I'm so tall and no one barely notices if I put on weight. I just want to tell this story because it can be the other way around aswell. When you think that you are fat, just think of those girls like me who would rather want your body than our 'skinny' ones. I still love my body and I try to not worry too much about it. Ps: english isn't my first language so sry if there are any mistakes.																																				I'm scared to walk by the vending machine at school because I'm worried people will think I'm a fat ass (I've been called that before)																																				"I'm 13 and I struggle with my weight and accepting myself as who I am and I'll admit, it's fucking hell. I've been shamed and bullied about my size since kindergarten, I'm now starting grade 8. I didn't used to care about what I looked like but unfortunately social media and the Internet has made a standard that you have to be 5""10' and weigh 100 pounds. I'm 5""8' and I weigh 163 pounds. I always wanted to be a model and I would tell people about it, some were supportive, some not so much, they laughed and said ""don't worry you can be a plus size model"" and that hit me really hard. I started starving myself and would only eat one Apple a day and only a few glasses of water. Over the weeks my friend helped me get out of the habit, slowly but surely, but a week after I had gotten out of the rut, I forgot my lunch so I told my teacher, she laughed, pointed at my stomach and said ""I don't think you'll starve""... I I haven't been the same since."																																				thank you for this video I happy I bumped into this video																																				"This video made me cry. I'm really glad you made it. I'm not really sure how to say what I want to say so it's probably going to be short, rambley sentences. I've always say myself as fat, too. My entire life. That's all I focused on was my weight, and how i wish i could be smaller. The thing was, I was small. I was actually near the underweight mark for my height. But I went to school with all these other girls who were so tall and so skinny and that if that's what skinny is, then I'll never be that. What I realized in my adult life is that everyone's body carries weight differently. And my specific body type is not slim. I'm heavier now than I have ever been and I regret so much hating how I looked because of my weight. I wish I could go back and see that there was absolutely nothing wrong with my weight, or my body. I'm still struggling with body image issues and weight. It's just sooo hard not to completely focus on weight all the time. I got to the point where I would barely go out because I hated my body so much. This video pretty much made me realize that I'm not alone in this battle. So many people struggle with this; people who you would never imagine to have body image issues. I really want to work on striving to be healthy and happy instead of sitting around hating my body and doing nothing about it to make it better. Edit: Also it really hit me hard when you said that you've never wanted your body before. I completely know those feelings. Here's to working on loving ourselves, loving our bodies and just trying to be a better person than we were in general!"																																				Just wanted to say	 we love you XXX																																			At the moment I've been struggling with my mental health	 right this second o hate my thighs I hate my stomach I hate my arms I hate my nose I hate my back. I know I'm not fat but I'm not skinny I'm 65kgs and I know that's average for 16	 5'5 girl but I can't get comfortable. I know girls my height my age who are so naturally skinny. And I look at everyone and it's so hard to like my body	 I don't eat for three days my body gets a lil smaller and then I binge eat then I starve myself for another 3 days. I've been to plenty of mental health wards and I don't know what to do anymore. I look at someone with my body and I think they look great but I don't know how to make myself think I'm great__																																	______________________																																				i think u are beautiful and skinny and perfect...unlike me...																																				WOW....this video was a huge smack in the face	 i'm not fat but i have a stomach if ya'know what i mean. i've started comparing myself to other people	 resantlly actually	 and this video helped me so much! i realize imma bit late but thank you!																																	I would love a more in depth video on this	 only if you are ever comfortable to talk about it. I can relate so much to this video and find it hard to ever talk about only 2 people know about my troubles with eating and even then they don't really know. I found this so helpful. I'm really impressed with how openly you can talk about it and share how you felt. Thank you for this video Gabbie	 big love __																																		Yaa Gabby you're stunning!!																																				YOU be YOU no matter what people say	I mean they OBVIE say it cause they're jealous of YOU	I mean you got the talent and beauty																																		"I've actually said several times to my friends that i wished i had a body like yours. I'm a very slender person but i like your body much more than mine. I have an eating disorder right this moment. I eat too much. I eat continuously because I've always been called ""skinny"" and it made me feel so less than. It bothers me every single day of my life. I respect you so much for making this video. My life goes like this: I eat nothing at all for months on end, and then i eat constantly for months, and then i stop eating again. And repeat cycle. I'm never happy with myself. And as i type this comment, I'm actually getting emotional."																																				I have the exact same kind of eating disorder as Gabbie	 and its comforting to know that recovery is possible.																																			"I just wanna say I love you and I go to you to put a smile on my face. I'm fairly new to your channel but I see you and just know we'd get along. Like looking in the mirror lol. But you are my ""after picture goal"". You're fabulous and should feel as such. Thanks for always keeping it real. Love you."																																				Gabbie you are a Beautiful Young lady you look __ beautiful now and since you was born +The Gabbie Show and you have put a smile to my face since I first hit your YouTube Channel and now I'm all into your story and all so God bless you and your family and friends and I'm proud of you ____________ GOOOOO GABBIE!!!! __________________																																				I actually really like Gabbie's body. I envy her body honestly.																																				Gabbie don't let other people tell you that ur fat and let it affectÊ you. I am called fat and bighead and megamind but you are your on person so who cares what other people thinkÊwho cares they are so low and don't have aÊlife to were they have to judge people. what i have always been told is there lives are sooooo very bad they need to make us feel bad																																				this hit deep for me. I have always always always been big. I have always been tall and wide and fat. I've always had a chubby stomach and a big butt and big ol thunder thighs. I was playing multiple sports at a time. and I wouldn't eat at all. I would go straight from school to marching band and then softball or volleyball and I wouldn't get home until 10pm. Now id be 10pm and I had been doing extreme amounts of exercise and I lived somewhere very hot and I had been drinking water. Id go home and hurry up and try to eat then id throw up every single night. At first it was just an accident. Then I noticed I was loosing weight. People were telling me how skinny I was getting and that I looked good. Then my skin got sickly pale	 my hair was falling out	 I was always sick because my body was too weak. I was always freezing even though it was 90¡ outside. Then people started asking me if I was sick and told me i didn't look myself. Told me they were worried about my health. People from school that I wasn't even close with were worried about me. I was sick all the time. It was horrible. Then I took action and started eating more. And now im plump and happy and for the first time in my life im dating someone. and he loves me just the way I am. I've been with him for 7 month. he loves my chubby belly and thunder thighs. He likes me for me. Im happy and im healthy and it feels great.																																		Love.love.love____																																				can you do a video talking deeper on your storie?																																				"I feel really bad about myself because Im 12 and weigh 130 but Im 5""4"																																				her voice in the intro almost made me cry																																				This affected me so much	 thank you Gabbie. I have a very similar journey right now and it's very hard sometimes	 but knowing I'm not alone really helps. Thank you.																																		'Your before photo might be some body's goal photo' wow ________																																				The only reason people think normal weight is fat or bad looking in any way is because they're brainwashed to think really thin is better. It isn't and there are plenty of people who find other body types attractive as well.																																				Actually trying not to cry because same. __																																				Wow I can relate to this so much it's crazy																																				you are just great i just love you for your personality and if some one calls you fat then they are probs not in the best shape ether																																				I have a eating disorder... ANOREXIA yay__ and I'm still fat well	 my stomach fat is fat but overall I'm skinny ( but fat ) for anyone asking what caused it well it all started wen I was abused like my parents never fed me so coz nothing went in me so I struggle to eat now and ever since I was bullied I was called fat and a slut I stopped eating and became really sick and then I ate fore a wile but sometimes I will not eat for no reason but since last year I have eaten bearly anything but then I was bullied in PE last week and a teacher said wow you lost weight since last week ( I have mental brake downs ). __																																			honestly	 sometimes there's people who think they're fat and they're really not and they don't believe you when you tell them they're beautiful	 and it's truly horrible how someone can hate themselves so much to starve	 binge then throw up	 over work themselves	 but it's a thing that happens. Honestly Gabbie is one of the most inspirational people I've seen for different reasons and she rocks her body	 she's beautiful and just amazing	 her videos make me smile a bit and make me happy for a while (because i'm mostly just sad) but she just makes it better even if I don't personally know her but...the point is Gabbie is great and ED sucks	 and maybe one day i'll get better like Gabbie																												This made my day :)																																				gab	 youre fat.																																			You're such a beautiful person___																																				it was very brave of you to put this out there. if you don't mind making another deeper video about your ED(s) i would watch them and support you																																				go vegan....																																				im going through this and its getting worse im so pathetic																																				I kind of look like you like body shape and I actually feel a bit better that some people wish to have my body shape thank__																																				Thank you Gabbie. This means a lot. I have been inpatient for almost the last 9 months (on and off	 with about 2 week breaks in-between) and it's been really hard. I appreciate knowing I'm not alone. Obviously I'm not	 because I've met so many girls and guys in treatment with EDs. But it's good knowing people can be successful after an ED																																		Gabbie you are amazing! I am still going through issues like anxiety about leaving home	 and being too emotional but I'm trying and you are absolutly an amazing person and idol to those around you and I love you and lots and lots of people love you! I am glad you put out this video about gaining confidence because sometimes I am not very confident about my body and I am happy to look up to people like you. You make me smile with your amazing videos! Don't stop doing what you love no matter what the comments say!																																			I thought u never noticed that u are fat__																																				L																																				Go on a whole foods vegan diet and stop starving yourself!																																				Gabbie	 seriously	 you are beautiful. You should never care about what people say	 you have an amazing body and many people who love and adore you. :')																																	I really would love a more in depth video. I've struggled a lot with eating disorders																																				You're beautiful __																																				How is gabbie fat? She's not even fat WTF. LIKE WHY WOULD PEOPLE SAY FALSE THINGS LIKE THIS!!!???																																				everyone went through this shit it's ok																																				Gabbie you're my favorite Youtuber and you're absolutely beautiful! Everything that you're going through is extremely relatable to me and I'm so glad that you're on the right path and making better choices. Keep making videos forever and always because I love you!! __ I see so much of myself in you and it's amazing. Xoxo																																				I'd like a more in depth video of this xx																																				Sorry meant Gabbie																																				Keep going Gabby. I'm sure this video has and will continue inspire lots of people that are fighting the same battle as you. You are the coolest person I have ever seen. Not just on YouTube	 but anywhere. It would be an honor to meet you one day.																																			I cried .... this was very helpful to me as a 13 year old girl with self-esteem issues and I a	 proud of you that you could get through you eating disorder and power through something as scarring as that. You really are my idol you inspire me	 you are beautiful inside and out and you have helped me a lot by watching your videos so thank you (p.s I don't think you are fat you are beautiful)																																		Gab no ones perfect I have weight and pimples but your still beautiful and people say I'm pretty and I'm skinny but I think I look fat and wear make up all the time even though I'm 11 but your pretty and people love you and people love me I work out and eat healthy and so do you so																																				Your not fat!!!!!!! You helped me through sooooo much with yur videos and you are way to good for this world!																																				Holy shit you're hot!																																				You're unbelievably beautiful.																																				i admire you																																				gabbie	 i love you so much. i watch a lot of different youtubers and i have to say	 you are by far my absolute favorite. in all of your videos you are so real and awesome. i just recently started watching your videos and YOU ARE SO PERFECT.! i love you!! __																																		strong>>skinny																																				I love Gabbie so much. I love how I found a person who I can relate too on so many levels. Ever since she started her channel she has always been the type of person I want to be. Even if she never reads this I just hope she knows how many people love and adore her. She is such a strong and amazing person like I can't even rap my mind around it. anyway I love you so much Gabs stay strong bbg __																																				Gabbie	 I love you and you are perfect the way you are! You are beautiful and wonderful	 you are so encouraging. You most likely won't read this but	 I love so much and you made a lot of my life easier as an eleven year old. Again	 thank you for the inspriation and for making me laugh when I get depressed. I feellike I have the life of a teen with drama and friends... I did something I regretted	 I do* things I regret and as human we all do.																															You're not fat at all	 Sweetheart	 those people are blind	 you look great	 don't let anyone tell you any different	 you're beautiful inside and out	 you're a hilarious and sweet woman	 screw people who don't like you	 they're missing out on a great person	 much love. <3																											thank you																																				Gabbie help I'm going to cry																																				Gabbie help I'm going to cry																																				i love that she has a background music adequate for every content																																				I am the same as you. I view myself as fat	 huge	 etc. and try my hardest to lose. I rarely eat and when I do	 it's a big meal. It doesn't help that I have thyroid problems... I went through the same where getting food down wasn't happening and I would gag on it. The only time I could lose weight was afterÊa back surgery and couldn't stomach anything because of the meds. I could only get broth and juice down. I had to be on a lot of IV's to supplement what I couldn't eat. Sometimes I wish I could have another so I could lose again	 but now I have to have another spine surgery and it sucks because I know what I will go through physically.																																I try to love myself and feel comfortable being me but I can't__ I talk to some friends about it and they just tell me I'm not fat but I know 100% that I am. Everyone tells me I'm fat except for one of my friends because she wants me to feel better about myself but it never works and I try to exercise but it doesn't change anything. I feel like I'm the ugliest human on earth and I just wish there was something to change that feeling but it's hard to change it__																																				I guess I never thought about not focusing on losing weight	 just on being healthy.																																			I would love to know how you overcame this. Tell the fulls story please 																																				Gabbie let us have the full story.																																				I love you gabbie!!!																																				you are fat f.a.t. = fabulous and thin																																				This hits home so hard. I wish I could have a body like you and the try your best to be healthy is so true. Especially when you said someone's before is someone's goal is so true. This is such a touching video and you are truly gorgeous																																				This video is inspiring. Thank you.																																				You are very tough for saying this. I'm 13 years old and I'm 112 pounds. I have quite a bit of muscle due to gymnastics	 which I hate that I gain weight from that	 but there is one thing I hate about me. My stomach. Its the most thing that makes me self conscious. I see girls with flat stomachs but mine isn't perfectly flat and I hate it. It makes me feel terrible about myself and I at first never worried about it but then me being 13 a lot of girls start worrying/noticing these things	 and that's what happened to me. :/																																	Hey gabbie, If you happen to see this, I just wanted to say thank you. I haven't talked to anyone about it, but I went through a really bad time and this video helped me through it. Even though I've always been told I'm petite, I constantly compared myself to my sister who was always taller and thinner than me. You've been such an inspiration and helped remind me that being healthy matters so much more than my weight or how many calories I eat. I love you so much and please keep being amazing __																																				Ur not fat ur so pretty I'm 60lb and I would want ur body I __ u Gabbie																																				this is so late	 and you probably won't see this	 but Gabbie thank you. This honestly showed me how badly i need to start recovering for real. When I say that my eating disorder story is INSANELY similar to yours	 I am not lying in the least. This opened my eyes to so much. It showed me that i'm not alone	 that i have no reason to be so embarrassed about it	 and that a role model of mine like you can get past this	 so i must be able to too. thank you gabbie. You're amazing and I am so grateful for you and this video.																														You're a m a z i n g!!!!!!																																				wow gab. I have an eating disorder honestly and this helped me and I kind of teared up because I never thought somebody felt the same way I did. but for me it's different in some ways. ppl say I'm too skinny and make fun of me. I'm only 12 and ppl make fun of me for being 'flat'. thank you so much for posting this. this really gave me a little boost of confidence and keep up the great work. you're gorgeous and you're not even fat. if anyone thinks you're fat then they haven't watched 'My 600lb Life'.																																				____________																																				ME AS FUCKKKK WE LITERALLY HAVE THE SAME PROBLEM																																				Omg cabbie I've gone through the same exact thoughts my whole life	 even when i was skinny I always thought of myself as fat	 my mother pulled out a picture of me in high school and my mouth dropped. I actually was skinny	 but when i looked in the mirror i always thought i was bigger. I've struggled for years with my weight & know that i have an eating disorder. A lot of the same thoughts cross my mind on a daily bases ......thinking i have to starve myself in order to see results but it's the truth...focus on your health and things will fall into place	 take care of you because there is only ONE you! thank you for making this video	 i truly look up to you and think your amazing! This is what i needed to hear so thank you <3																															This video helped me a lot	 as a person who struggles with my self image and was starting to starve myself. Thank you and lots of love gabbie																																			You are the ideal body type	 you are beautiful if not outside to some than in you are perfect just they way you are																																			Thanks for this video. :)																																				Your outros make me feel like I've watched an amazing movie that ends with a great song. All I'm missing is the popcorn.																																				Gabbie you and I should/need to talk. I sent you a DM on twitter. @CaelanMark. I'm not trying to get you to follow me or anything	 I honestly don't care about followers. I just want to talk to you for a second.																																			I don't even have an eating disorder and this helped me feel better about myself. I always compare myself to people	 even when I try not to. Thank you Gabbie __																																			Love you Gabs!! ______________ You're gorgeous and perfect!! Love you so much!!!!! ________________																																				Gabbie you're gorgeous __																																				Good for you gabbie im so proud of you. Honestly i struggle with some of the same things and its hard. This video is so important	 thank you for sharing																																			I usually hate Videos like this but I dont know i really like this one youre amazing gabs __																																				I want to see a more in depth video about your eating disorder	 but when you feel comfortable with the subject and come to accept it. I feel like it would help me.																																			God put sugar and salt on this earth for a reason. It doesn't matter what u look like God still loves u																																				the book Intuitive Eating is pretty great. I haven't gone all the way through it myself but I'm working on it. I've heard great things about it																																				I'm watching this while in a hospital for an ED. thank you for sharing <3																																				I've been around since the start of you getting out there on the internet and I have never looked at you and thought the slightest bit that you were over weight or anything close. I've always looked at you and saw a awesome funny beautiful girl that makes me smile all the time__																																				It does help somebody. 																																				You're totally one of the most genuine and sincere YouTubers and people ever!																																				"I'm 21 years old, I'm 5'5"" and i weight 98 LBS and I'm currently going through serious problems with an eating disorder. You're so inspirational and I hope you're well!! You're so beautiful and I never knew until I watched this that you had an eating disorder. hugs xxxx"																																				"I've always struggled with my body image and I am still struggling. Over this past summer, I didn't eat anything but a bowl of ice cream or a packet of oatmeal every day. I lost 10 pounds and for the first time I felt good about myself. I kept this weight until after a concert I went to near the ending of July. I went on a trip to Ohio to visit some of my family and they ate fast food so much every day. They made me get something every time even when I wasn't hungry because ""you need to eat"" but I felt so sick and so bloated the entire week I was there. I went home and realized I had gained 5 pounds. I felt so disappointed. I went clothes shopping and that's when it started to show that I was gaining weight. I went back to school and my family doesn't cook very healthy meals. I couldn't get out of eating meals without being accused of starving myself or trying to lose weight. (This even happened today) But I've been slowly gaining my weight back because I've been eating excessively. I'm back up to 150 pounds and I was at 140. I am disgusted. People tell me I'm skinny, but I'm not. I suck in my stomach because it's been a habit since I was young. I don't want anyone to know what I look like and the only thing I can think about all day is how I can get out of dinner and why I ate lunch. But I never can. My mom keeps telling me to stop worrying because I'm ""beautiful"". But I'm going to worry because I am not happy with what I look like. I've been running on the treadmill for 2 hours everyday after school and I can't lose weight. I haven't been sleeping enough because I'm worrying about my body. I skip breakfast but I don't want people to see I'm not eating lunch. So I eat it and I can't focus on conversations because I'm only thinking about why I ate. It never goes away and I may never be happy until I am the size I want to be. I hate talking to people about it because they always tell me I'm fine when I'm not. My family is always making up excuses for me like ""Stop being depressed all the time"" when I sound down. They tell me ""It's not like your anorexic eat some food and stop worrying about calories"" It really upsets me and they get mad when I get upset. When I say anything about being big they just say ""No stop you shouldn't lose anything"" But it makes me even more upset. Sorry this was so long I just wanted to get it all out."																																				"I can really relate to how she was constantly aware of her weight every waking moment. My problem is that I think I'm too skinny. I have a chronic disease that took away my nutrients for a few years so now I'm 5'2 and 90 pounds (I used to be 97 but I've been losing lately and I don't know why). The standard nowadays seems to be ""thick girls are the sexiest."" Big butts, big boobs, wide hips, etc. seem to be the thing that people are obsessed with. I'm pretty much the opposite of that. So here I am comparing my tiny arms and wrists, super skinny thighs, barely wide hips, and smaller than average butt/boobs and I'm just disappointed. It's genetics so I can't do much about it so I guess I just have to learn to love myself. And another thing: everything about me is small except my nose. I'm Italian so I inherited an ethnic nose with the bump and fat end. I really hate it. I always think about it, especially when someone looks at me from the side or they take a side profile picture of me. I reaaaaally hate it. I feel like it ruins anything good about my face. I've cried so much about it... about a nose. A stupid nose. All because it's not a cute little slope nose. I don't know. I just hope I can accept how I am and not always wish I looked like someone else. It's so hard to do. It feels like a mental barrier that I can't knock down."																																				Have you ever considered going VEGAN?																																				Im a new subscriber and I don't understand why people don't like gabbie. Watching this made me cry. thank you gabbie for this video. __																																				This was a really good video																																				Gabbie we love you and you're perfect the way you are ______																																				Gabbie	 you could be a thousand pounds	 or 90 pounds and i would still think you are a beautiful young woman. Keep up the good work. I hope you start seeing yourself as the beautiful woman we all see you as. Love you! <3																																		Yes!! If you are comfortable doing a more in depth story please do it!! It would help so much!!! Xx																																				Gabbie this touched me. I had very similar experiences to yours. Great video.																																				song at the end?																																				"ofc I agree that gabbie is beautiful, bu commenting stuff like ""oh gabbie dont be insecure"" is like telling a paralyzed person that they can walk."																																				Proud of you! This must have been so hard for you to make but you should be proud of yourself for making it:)																																				..this is really hard to say	 and i know this comment will be lost in a flood of other comments	 but i was(and still am) anorexic. I eat	 but then days i dont. I used to weigh so much	 it was scary	 and now im still unsatisfied. Im 5'3 and 92 but its still not low enough	 and today	 gabby has made me a better person since shes shared this. I just wish people could love me instead of complaining about how i look. No one else knows im like this except for whoever sees this. So yeah.																													...I feel like I've heard this story on Tumblr before. ._.																																				Gabbie you go girl don't let anyone stomp on you and if they do you say back your ass up and give me my space and you are truly beautiful on the inside and outside																																				"hi gab I know that ur not going 2 see this but im Alexia and im 13 years old and I have an eating disorder and it was so bad that my doctor told my mom ''I dont know how ur daughter is alive"" then they gave me a week 2 try 2 get weight but I didnt I was at the hospital for a few weeks and the only reason I left was cuz I would cry not finish my food and tell them I wanted to go home and still I have 2 go back to the hospital every week for a check up and im sick of it ispecialy cuz every1 compares me 2 other people that are tall have a good body and that dont need to go to the hospital but I need 2 do this im close to the weight now just like 4 more kilos and im ok but its really hard for me but thx for making this vid I understand what u mean bye gab :) :("																																				Fat? You are anything but fat	 Gabbie. You are not fat	 or ugly. You are actually very pretty :)																																		I spelled your name wrong sorry I am Croatian so...____																																				I can relate....thank you so much ...it's good to know that I am not the only one who has been throu metabolic damage and other stuff...thank you again Gabi _																																				I'm from England and she said she ate some goldfish and I was like eww that's nasty then I relized that she she ment the crackers ____																																				:*																																				Eating a double chezeburger watching this. Porn.																																				Well Gabbie	 you helped me _																																			Gabbie you are not weak we all have demons and you are a great role model!																																				this video helped me a lot. im thirteen and i weigh about 140 lbs- it may not sound like a lot but when all my friends are 80 lbs it seems like a lot. im a dancer so im constantly around girls with huge thigh gaps and skinny bodies while im really curvy. ive only recently realized that im not fat	 im just curvier than my friends.																																			more detail please																																				It's great that you have the courage to come out to all these people with such personal information! i am sure that this video is going to help many	 many people. Always remember that you are beautiful and we will never judge you	 because we love you for who you are!! :)																																		Watching this	 I realized I have an eating disorder... Wow...																																			this makes me cry every time I watch it. this is such an inspiring video gabbie thank you																																				"ok idk how to start this, but in school I would always be bullied and called as a ""whale"" even between my family because I was fat. I would always come back from school, and vacuum the whole food lol. but then when many people criticised me and called me fat and ugly it became too much for me, I stopped eating at all. and in two months I lost ALOT of weight I was from overweight to skinny, but I still looked at myself as a whale. and I would always tell my mom that I want to start a harsh diet although I was really skinny but she wouldn't allow me __. and till now I still think of myself as a whale. and I still cry everyday because I am ugly :). and when few people call me pretty and tell me I lost weight I be like ""seriously! SERIOUSLY? SERIOUSLY?!? BITCH HOW?? I AM EFFING UGLY AND FAT"" and act like the awkward person I am. but I dont want to make this a miserable ending for my story so.... I lived happily ever after :P."																																				+Puala495 AMEN																																				this rules. thank you for sharing.																																				your beautiful :) don't be so hard on yourself																																				her makeup looks bad :/																																				please stop ur body is just fine af !!!																																				you know i have been comparing myself to this gaming chair about a year now and god damn it's much better at being a chair than me______																																				Love you Gabb	 it is a hard journey to recovery but 1000% worth it <3																																			fuck i love you Gab stay strong beauty																																				"Dear Gabbie, my nickname was usually ""whale"" and I thought I was fat, I am decently young and I had stayed at 35 kg for 5 months and now that you mention your body holding onto weight, I realised I am in the same situation but these demons in my head say, my thighs are fat, my nose is gargantuan, my cheeks look like I have two dumplings attached to me, my ass is fat, I'm a guy and if you are unaccepting of your body try to, as hypocritical as this sounds but be happy of who you are no matter of the consequences. Stop living by opions SLBP."																																				Gabbie I love you so much I feel exactly like you																																				This needs to be a TED talk. Truly motivational and inspirational																																				No but seriously Gabbie is absolutely gorgeous in appearance and she has a good personality from what she puts on the Internet																																				I would love to hear more about you story because it's very inspiring and very goo to hear for somebody young like me. The new generation always compares themselves to somebody. It's a horrible thing and I have to admit I do it all the time. I look at someone elses body and think I will never look as good as them. It's a thing that I wish I didn't do. I limit myself to baggy clothes because I never think ill look good enough. I know I should stop comparing myself to other people but I don't know how to stop. So if u could please make another video about this it would help a lot. please and thank you. Hopefully you read this gabbie. +TheGabbieShow																																				gabbie is beautiful insid and out																																				Wow this hit me so hard thank you so much gabbie																																				"Why is there not a ""love"" button option?? I love you so much Gabbie. I teared up watching this because I've been recently struggling with something like this that only a few of my friends know.. and it really hit home. I'm doing my best to cope with my demons and right now I've been going good, so, I hope it lasts for awhile.Thank you for this __"																																				I'm a new subscriber but i really love your channel	 you're a beautiful person.																																			Gabbie I relate to this so much	 my weight affected me so much 	 I made myself sick 3 times a day after every meal 	 I cut with a razor the areas of my fat eg stomach thighs boobs. And I'm ashamed to say this but I attempted suicide twice I don't want to go into detail cuz it makes me sad 	 but now I'm in a much happier place 	 and the worst thing is that I'm 14 and the media and insta models has really fucked up my life . FUCK YOU SOCIETY 	 KISS MY BIG FAT ASS																														okay this isnt funny but like... when she said the thing about the bowl of goldfish i first thought she meant actual fish...																																				I love you Gabi, thank you for making this video. I just wanted to mention that you sound more like you had disordered eating habits (at least from what you mentioned that it was all about weight, dieting, etc.) Typically, an eating disorder isn't really about weight, it's all a mental thing with deeper routed mental issues that need to be addressed way before you even start to think about recovering and being healthy. I am not at all trying to make it sound like what you struggled with wasn't as bad, because it is but when it comes to eating disorders it is really important to address the mental side of things, and it's not the mental side that thinks you're fat. You are a strong woman for getting through what you went through and you should be so proud! This is definitely inspiring to girls who think the same way as you. If you decide to discuss eating disorders again I hope you can address the mental aspect. Lots of love & thanks Gabi																																				this helped me and made me think so much more please make a whole video about your situation and story. xx																																				I love you so much	 Gabbie. From the bottom of my soul	 I wish I could meet you one day because you're freaking amazing. __																																		I love Gabbie's body. She's an ideal body type. I'm not even trying to make her feel good about herself. The first video I saw by her was the one where she read mean comments and I was pretty confused as to why people called her fat. Gabbie	 you're truly a beautiful person	 you are just so perfect in every way. __																																		"gabbie, please talk to me. help me understand what to do or how to think about this ""weight problem"" I have a couple of things happening that I don't wanna post in comments. I have no friends I am married but I don't think he understands either. I could use a friend."																																				"Great positive message, thanks Gabbie. I really like where you said, ""You might be someone's goal photo."" you never know, so never assume. :)"																																				thank you for making this video_ you're absolutely gorgeous																																				This video gave me chills. Gabby you inspire me so much. I think you are so brave and beautiful. You really deserve the best and you deserve to be happy. I really love what you do. I truly think that you are amazing. I love you much! __________ Big huge from Canada!________ (Sorry if my english is bad, Im from Quebec so I dont speak english perfectly)																																				Gab this was so honest and it made me love you even more	 as a fan to a youtuber of course. If you posted a more indepth video I know that I for one would love to hear about that. Thanks for keeping it 100 with us. We love you!																																			Gabbie you are NOT fat. You are curvy and beautiful. But really you have like the ideal body in America. (Big butt	 small waist)																																			I've always and still do want to be just like you. __																																				Gabbie you're amazing and beautiful!! I just actually found your videos and i love them __																																				"I can relate. Sometimes I manage to convince myself that my body isn't good enough for society to except. I've tried eating healthier and exercising more and because of that I had a lot of energy I was in good shape. But after a while I started feeling ""bored"" in the sense that I didn't think this was going to work anymore and I just started feeling bad about myself again. And really, I had no one to talk to not even my own mother because any time l would talk about this she'd just blame puberty for how I feel, but it's not at all and I should know. I can't even talk to my own friends. Really, no one knows how insecure and emotional I can be at times, and that really bugs me because, the way that I feel about myself now, makes me realize I can't really talk to anyone. But now that I'm reading these comments about how they can relate to each others stories, makes me realize that I'm not alone anymore. _ Gabbie, thanks for bring this topic up. Thanks to you I can feel good about myself, knowing that a person I look up to, can really inspire others to feel great about themselves.____"																																				Gabbie	 i'd love it if you made a more in depth video ( if you feel comfortable)																																			____																																				This is true except for the trainers it's about being tall but it's a lot better cause u have helped me now because Some people are much much taller then me thanks gabbie __																																				Gabbie you are beautiful I have ABSOLUTELY NO IDEA why ANYONE would call you fat I've been on your channel for a while and I NEVER would've even thought that. You are actually really pretty and HILLARIOUS!!!______																																				love you gab ___																																				this is such an inspiration Gabbie thank you so much for sharing<333																																				it's sad to me to see how she is not even fat AT ALL and she feels like she is																																				Such a beautiful person and I don't mean on that outside __																																				459 dislikes..? what is there bad to say about this??																																				this literally made my cry because what gabbie went through that's how I feel now																																				I one hundred percent can relate to this because just last year was when I was officially diagnosed with an eating disorder and I completely doubted that this was possibly because I always kind of looked down on them. I thought they had no self xo from and thighs well I can lose weight and look good without starving myself. Naturally I found all of the modern apps that count calories and made me exceeds use so when i went in to log calories I would have a total of around 3 to 400. I thought I could keep lowering it and was ashamed to even eat a banana. I also has a huge fear of carbs and didn't understand that without carbs I would be dead. One day at my doctors appointment they weighed me and told me that due to my low percent I would be admitted to the hospital and was close to death. This was a major wake up call and due to it being. A false alarm I said was this is legit because I had secretly planned to exercise even tho I wasn't allowed to.																																				The comparison part is the root of my earing disorder! preach sis and thanks for sharing love you___																																				You are so strong and amazing and gorgeous as hell																																				Gabbie I love you so much. You are my idle! I want to gain more comfortable in my skin I've never not eaten but at swim practice I see all the skinny girls and suck in my stomach	 I look at my friends and suck in. I didn't realize I did this until I was looking at myself in the mirror and realized I was sucking in. At one point my friend asked me to go on a boat ride and I was like YA I WOULD LIKE TO GO and immanently I was like ok skip lunch so I can look skinny in my bikini. I watch you and your confidence like at parties in crop tops just wows me!__ As I'm typing this I have started to cry and I WILL take your advice.																																			whats the song that plays in the outro?																																				In my opinion	 her body type is the ideal. She looks perfect __																																			You go girl!!																																				this is honestly such a motivating video and I love it. thank you for sharing this gabbie. you're so strong.																																				Gabbie	 thank you so much for sharing this. This was such a brave thing to do and you are perfect in every way. Thank you sososososo much <3 Thanks for being you and brightening up the world	 or sharing stories that should be talked about	 but aren't. NEVER STOP BEING YOU!																																	I'm 13 and I have a very bad eating disorder where I'll eat alot and not eat for a week. when I wake up I think about food when j sleep it's about food. my whole life being told I was fat	 ugly and worthless. by friends family ppl at school and church. I believe it too I can't get rid of it I have been going to therapy for 2 years and it's not helping me. I stopped going to Church bc ppl kept asking me if I was pregnant... this is why I hate myself and I believe them. I know you probably won't read this but I just thought I would tell you my story. I love you and your story's and videos. and I wish I looked like you. I have always thought I was fat and I can't remember a time when I was told I wasn't but I love you so much you help me get out of bed every morning and laugh at your videos. well I'm gonna go but I just thought I would tell you.																																			I hope u r okay Gabbie																																				Gabbie	 thank you SO much for sharing your story. Even though I personally do not have an eating disorder I have multiple friends who do. I do however struggle with depression and body image issues	 and you raised points and mentioned topics in this video that I probably never thought of on my own. I really do think that you just started a conversation for MY personal health that hasn't been addressed yet. So once again thanks for being willing to not be funny so you could discuss a harder topic	 thank you for allowing your viewers to see what might be a more private side of yourself in the hopes that it will reach someone who might need it. And last of all	 know it did. Even if I am the only person who is inspired in some way by this video (and I don't think I am) it is still a success. Stay strong	 you are beautiful	 inside and out.																														________________________________________________																																				i had anxiety																																				Oml Gabbie __ I didn't know it was possible to make me think a little different about myself. Thankyou. I love you <3																																				So I'm a naturally very skinny girl. In fourth grade	 I noticed I was getting a slight belly. Nothing too bad	 but it was there. When I was in fifth grade	 is was so much bigger. I hated myself so much. When I was in sixth grade	 I looked pregnant. And I'm not exaggerating. I hated every single part of it. I was at a low in my life because of my looks. It was terrible. Turns out I had a ten pound tumor.																																__________																																				This made me cry so much because i went through the same thing and i am doing it right now but watching this made me love myself just just a little bit more__																																				Love u gabbie																																				Dear Gabbie, You are so fucking pretty. YOU are my inspiration. Stop worrying about what other people think. EAT AS MANY FUCKING CHICKEN NUGGETS AS TOY WANT																																				As someone who struggled with a similar disorder and still struggles with anxiety and ocd this helped so much :)																																				Gabby your not fat nor skinny U R PERFECT you r u that's that and u r beautiful not matter what anyone says																																				Love you!!!! You are so beautiful!!!!																																				I seriously hate when people judge other people with out knowing their story	 like calling them a cry baby and then finding out that they struggle everyday because someone they love dearly is dying. Like wtf is your problem and just because you say I didn't know sorry doesn't mean anything you said it no matter what you meant what you said and that can't be forgiven.																																			I love you so much Gabbie	 this helped me sooo much!!																																			I can relate so much	 and I'm only 15.																																			As a 250 pound seventeen year old that has also been told her entire life that she was fat and obese	 I thank you so much for this video. You've made me realize that I should be happy with the body I was given	 and that I am beautiful just the way I am. Thank you so much. Truly. <3																																		gabbie u helped me realize that i have the same problem as u. thx u so much for the help and inspiration____																																				i feel sry for her. she does deserve to go through the stuff she goes through. shes funny	skinny and beautiful___																																			gabbie you are such an inspiration and your words in this video really touched me.thank you so much for being you.																																				you're my hero.																																				Thank you Gabbie for having the trust and courage to post this video and sharing your story. I have an eating disorder as well	 but my dad doesn't think it's important enough to get help for it. I hope I can get help too.																																			more details about your disorder please <3 i would appreciate it so much																																				I usually watch these videos and get absolutely nothing from them. But this video changed me. I wanna start being more positive about my body and actually care for myself instead of not eating a meal just so a guy can like me. I'm 14 and worrying about what others think of me when I should be worrying about myself and my mental and physical health																																				My body is pretty similar to your's Gabby	 but it hasn't always been that way. When I was younger I was SO skinny and it just came to me naturally. People started saying I was anorexic and needed to eat because I was too thin. So	 I did as they said and then they started calling me chubby and plump and that I needed to stop eating as much. Now that I've finally come to a weight I've comfortable with people are still calling me names and I realized that just because other people don't approve of your appearance doesn't mean it's bad.																																		your not fat	 and i love you! I know my comment might not do anything	 but your gorgeous	 and NOT fat and your my role model	 i love you soooo freaking much!																																girl you're so hot like damn																																				you are such an inspiration to me I love you <3																																				this helped me so much gabbie	 thank you for all you do. you make me laugh when i need one & i can always know that i'm not alone with what i'm going through. so thank you__																																			. ________																																				THAT WAS VERY POWERFUL																																				am I the only one that cried?																																				There is a difference between having fat and being fat. Remember that__																																				"I don't know if you guys have seen it yet but ""Dear Fat People"" was the most offensive video I have ever seen even though I am not fat this should be one of those videos were it combats the negative energy from that YouTuber and turns It around to you need to accept yourself before other peoples opinions you need to love yourself the way you are, It's your body and anyone can still be your friend because the outside doesn't matter what you say, do, and what you do to help other people, animals, the envioment , the world is what matters, then you can worry about whether or not you want to be skinny or fat be yourself, be happy."																																				omg i never heard someone say this ever. i can completely understand gabbie. i dont have an eating disorder but being an 11 year old over 130 lbs... you get teased and called fat soooo much. i almost considered starving myself... i stopped eating for a few day and then i saw this video... just like gabbie i always compare myself to my friends and family that are 11 and 12 and are 80 lbs... i saw this and cried... gabbie basically saved my life thx																																				honestly	 I would love to hear more about your story. I am on and off with eating (not very much and when I do	 it's in big portions). when I hear someone I idolize - like you - it really facing tea me	 not only for the personal stories and Aldine and knowledge	 but because talking about it can sometimes relieve bottled up stress. so if you'd just like to spill out your feeling towards it	 please do make a video __																															gabbie please please dont gorget that you matter ________and if you dont belive eney of your millions of kined comments the people how each you when you post the people how like your videos and more than 1000 subscribers becuse it sound to me and probebly every one of your subscriber i dont realy know what will but this hole thing was about you matter and please do not forget that																																				"Gabbie. I love you and you seems like a wonderfull person! You inspire me to, not be thinking about that I asumed other people think of me. The past year I've been loving every single inch of my body, my style and my personality. And YOU help me! I know it's hard to believe but actually - What doesn't kill you makes you stronger! You do so much good to/for others, maybe even whiteout knowing! But as Dr. Seuss said - ""Why fit in, when you were BORN, to STANDOUT!"" So thank you! And I love seeing ""the real Gabbie"". #nofilter lol. So please, just be you, because you are awesome! <3"																																				Gabi you helped me so much I have an eating disorder and I suffer from thinking I'm so fat you helped me so much because I finally feel like I can finally be able to eat lysm																																				I love you so much omg keep doing u ____________																																				plz plz plz make another video______																																				I would love for you to make another video like this I just want to know more about it and how do you know if you have a eating disorder.																																				She was jumping a lot can someone explain to me what she was talking about																																				I honestly cried watching this because it got me thinking about my eating disorders and anxiety. I can't go a day without hating myself...I don't even wear shorts in the summer																																				The only thing FAT is the boner Gabbie gives me																																				____________																																				Plz go more in depth__your so pretty__																																				Did u eat goldfish or did I miss understand that																																				'your before photo might be someone's goal photo' that's the part that got me. _																																				Gabby you're beautiful! I love you thank you for this video! Xoxo																																				I__u																																				Gabbie this video had me in tears because i am a ten year old girl and I have always felt fat because of the size my body is and i am always thinking why am I a bigger size some people in my grade are older than me and weigh less thank you for this video it's helped me alot																																				Gabbie	 you are so beautiful. If you anybody calls you fat	 they are stupid. This is actually so inspiring to me. I hate my body so much. I have a eating disorder and I admit it. Most days I skip eating as much as I can. I only eat when people want me to																																		thank you																																				Gabby you're so beautiful. I'm so new on your channel. Like a week new. And I'm subscribed	 going through all your videos	 and I just love you and your videos. Thank you so much for your honesty.																																		I _ u gabbie. Thanks for being u cuz u helped me b me																																				Gabby I just started watching ur videos and I'm loving them. Girl ur beautiful and ur not fat. I've been through similar experiences about my body too and it really took a toll on me especially when I was younger because I had a high belly and it came to the extent that someone asked my mom if I was pregnant once and this made me hate my body but as I grew I learned to accept the fact that I am not perfect and I am haply with the body I have																																				you should make more videos like this. very encouraging _																																				I actually cried a bit.Wow.																																				GABBIE NO YOUR BEAUTIFUL AND I STRUGGLE WITH EATING DISPRDERS/BODY DISMORPHIA YOUR AMAZING NEVER LET ANYONE TELL YOU YOUR FAT																																				hey gabbie	 this video helped me out a lot. I am not struggling with an eating disorder or anything and am perfectly fine with my body	 but I have always been comparing myself (mostly my face) to others. When you said that comparison is the root of all evil or something like that a lightbulb went off in my brain. I now wear minimal makeup and people have been telling me I've been looking happier and less self conscious. Thank You. This video means the world to me. <3																																		Dear reader, Chances are, you won't listen to me, but I'm gonna say it anyway. Those people on the magazine covers you see? They're photoshopped. Don't try to be as skinny as them, because it isn't healthy. You are beautiful, no matter what anyone says. The only reason people try to bring you down is because of their own self doubts. I know, it's hard to appreciate yourself when all your flaws are so obvious. But, honestly, when most people first see you, they see the best parts, none of the flaws, and compare themselves to you. At least, that's what I do. Anyway, you are the most beautiful person ever, all of you. You're all tied for first! With the utmost sincerity, The Scary Dinosaur																																				Gabbie	 we love you so much love!__________																																			Gabbie, you are amazing and so inspirational.... You know that? I know this video was posted a little while ago, but I need to tell you that you are beautiful. You are not fat, you are not ugly, you are amazing! Hmu on Twitter anytime @PenguinLuv33_ I love you Gabbie! Keep being you and posting awesome videos! Thanks so much for reading this if you did.... I really appreciate it!___																																				Gabbie you're so pretty__ ily__																																				Your words of wisdom helped me so much I will cling to those words of advise you gave that day and your not fat at all. I have an eating disorder to and I love you so much people comment about my weight a LOT and it hurts so much. They don't know how much that hurts. And if someone says something bad about you	 just know that they will get a medical disorder so much worse.																																			Gabby	 I know everyone has their insecurities	 but your body is very sexy in my opinion....nice curves	 soft skin and good muscle tone.......																																	I really like you as a person. I think you're genuine and nice and you remind me a lot of myself. You're beautiful girl! Fuck who don't think the same.																																				you just inspired me__																																				Gabbie you are sooo gorgeous in words and you deserve happiness in your life	 whoever isn't there for you are not your friends																																			Gabbie helped me defeat my eating disorder. I would fast from 12:00pm up until 9:00am and when I allowed myself to eat I often threw it up. It got serious a couple of times which really shook me	 and I got back on track for a while. I still only ate 1 real meal but I was no longer unhealthy. But of course seeing as I'm the most self loathing bitch on the planet	 I started feeling sick over the weight I'd gained so I went on dieting pills	 but I took 4 times what I was supposed to and again got sick. I stared watching Gabbie and Shane and over the space of 4 months	 I completely threw out the pills and started eating 3 meals a day	 and now I'm almost at a regular weight. Thank you Gabbie	 and please don't ever feel down about yourself.																														its ok gab	 we are all here for you	Êyour never alone and I am so proud of you! I cant believe you had the courage to make this video!!! And I'm glad you did! because you look great and don't be ashamed of what you look like... I love you!!!																																		I'm a runner. I run cross country and I run track. So all year I am running and constantly exercising	 but it's been very hard in the past year because I've been battling an eating disorder. I get very faint	 I can't finish my runs	 I overwork myself	 I burn way too many calories compared to how little I consume. My hipbones stick out	 my ribs are visible	 and I can see that	 but I still need to lose weight. I eat between 200-600 calories a day usually	 and run everyday. I've lost over 20 pounds since I started eating so little. One of my best friends helped me realize what I was doing was an eating disorder when she told me she was worried about how sick I looked all the time	 and my quick weight loss and how my hair had started falling out. She told me that if I kept this up I wouldn't be able to run anymore and that the one thing that really made me happy (running) was going to have to be sacrificed because of me desperately wanting to be thin. And now I'm trying to get better.																											oh and gabbie you are beautiful. dont let these haters get the best of you... keep on chuggin																																				i am literally in tears right now.... i have been puttin on some weight for the longest time and ive been stressin over whats seems to be now the smallest things (which is probably what is helpin me keep the weight on and keep on gainin it)... i would love to be a few sizes smaller and get out there and run with my sister and just be the best me... i guess my problem is i dont have the right motivation for it.... until now... gabbie you are the true inspiration of... well... people like me... i am seriously gonna try a lot harder this go round... (kinda hoping you dont see this cuz i think i sound pathetic but yeah tho) see ya on the flip side																																				gabbie i freaking love you thank you so much for this<333																																				nope																																				nope																																				Hey it could be worse																																				This genuinely brought tears to my eyes																																				im very proud of my self because i lost 20 pounds in 2 weeks. stay strong gabbie i look up to you																																				This is hard for me to admit	 but I just watched this after forcing myself to vomit everything i ate today	 which was a Hershey's kiss and a piece of garlic bread. Stay strong Gabbie _																																		I used to compare myself to a lot of people and think that I was fat because people would say that I am	 and I would not eat as much as I should but I stopped caring about what people think about me and stopped comparing myself to other people but it's not that easy	 a lot of people say that you shouldn't care what other people think about you but I don't think they realize it's not that easy. I'm only in junior high but I don't really compare myself to other people anymore. I think a lot of people think they are alone	 but talking about it really helped me. Now I'm more comfortable in my body and sometimes I do compare myself but I've gotten a lot better about it.																																	I would love a more depth video __																																				Wow	 this was a very inspiring video Gabbie! I definitely can relate to your story of always feeling...well fat lol...and obsessing over weight loss. I really didn't learn until recently how much better it is to learn to love yourself	 be the best you can be	 and only compare yourself to YOU and nobody else. No matter how much weight I lose or whatever goals I achieve	 if I don't truly learn that lesson what's the point because I'd always be unhappy.																																Girl I know exactly what you're going through. I still have issues with this sort of thing and I'm working to make it less of an obsession. I don't think I let it go as far	 but if you need to talk ever you have so many people to talk to including me. You go Beautiful!																																			"Wow..... Thank you so much for expressing your feelings and experience in having confidence with your body and health. I really needed this! I have had a hard time with weight. I have tried dietary pills, I have tried not eating (I could go weeks without eating) never lost a single drop of weight. I have realized that it's not good for my mental and physical well being. I was always called fat And I weighed in at 147 lbs. It really hurts to know that when you are constantly told that you are fat and the worst part is when you start giving into thinking your fat. Self esteem, shot, social life, shot to hell. I am now on a healthy life style of living. Thank your for this inspiring video. I hope I am able to meet you someday so I can give you a hug and say, ""we did it... We conquered"" (cheesy I know but I really know what it's like to have an eating disorder as well... )"																																				Gabbie 	 you are one of the most funny and beautiful people I ever saw so don't consider yourself fat and you are just skinny I tell you that people that say u are fat and unfunny are dumb																																			You're amazing Gabbie. I love you and your videos.																																				"It's kind of hard to put into words, but I've just recently started watching your videos, I started because of your Roast Yourself Challenge and I just want to say, I really...I don't want to say ""enjoy"" more like ""appreciate"" these videos in which you show...that you're human. Your privilege video, this one, even the RYC video. I really hope you're truly happy, and I wish I could actually be there for you anytime you need it, but I can't because I don't speak to you personally. You're honestly...not ""goals"" you're um you're somebody I want to be like. You're a beautiful person, inside and out. ___"																																				I know exactly where you're coming from when you said you thought you were fat bc that's all people were telling you... The first time someone called me fat was when I was about 7 or 8 and I ignored it bc I didn't even know what they meant by it. But then after I figured out that being fat was a bad/unhealthy thing to be, I became obsessed with covering up my body and losing weight. I literally refused to wear bikinis at the pools or wear shorts or anything that showed off my body & over 10 years later, I'm now realising how crazy that actually is! Gabby, you're amazing. You're beautiful. You literally are goals. ____																																				________																																				I love that you did this. I think it shows a whole other side to you. Like people can see that you do have problems and you're not just a girl who has crazy stuff happen to her. You've had battles and problems that you've had to over come and are still over coming and I really like that. I would also love to a video on more depth on your journey - obviously you don't have to if you dont want to or if you're not comfortable - but I find mental health very interesting	 which sounds weird but I'm interested by mental disorsders I like learning about them. And I was really interested when you started explaining your story about your eating disorder and would like to hear more. But obviously it's fine if you dont want or if I'm the only person who does actually want to hear about it in more depth. But anyway	 love your channel Gabbie. Been watching you for a few years now. N have a great day :)																																		Omg! So I was just thinking about Gabbie's eating disorder cause i've watched a few videos where shes mentioned it	 n I wanted to find out more so I clicked on her channel but I was gonna search for it - to see if anything came up. And the first video that comes up on Gabbie's channel was this one. And I had no idea she put this out :/																																			Thank you for posting this it really helped me. Love your Musical.ly's by the way!_________																																				gabs love to know about anything in your life ....i love you girl so much remember you cant beat the haters if you believe what they say and you cant be a hater to yourself i think youre body and personality goals girl MUCH LOVE from jersey and keep going youre super inspiring and you always make me laugh <33333																																				________																																				"Here's my fav quote- ""You are not fat. You have fat. You also have fingernails, that doesn't mean you are fingernails."" It shows that people are so much more than their fat."																																				Are all those dicks gonna call her fat when she told this story ass holes you dont know what its like.																																				You look good as hell so you go girl!! LUV U!!																																				why does everyone on youtube have an eating disorder??																																				Gabbie	 i think most of us would like to know the full story but its not if we want it	 its if you feel comfortable talking about it X																																		There will be so many people who will say you're not the ideal body type. But to be honest you dont have to be skinny to be confident about yourself. Actually you are the perfect body type with curves. I literally aspire to be you because you are the funniest and the most kind and loving person. Please keep on what youre doing and dont be ashamed of yourself or youre body type.																																				I can relate so much thank you gabbie																																				Girl	 look into the vegan diet!! Search for rawtill4 or starch solution!																																			go vegan :)xxx																																				"Hi Gabbie! I'm just your average girl who happened to see your struggles with food and Health. At 52 I've pretty much seen it all! Diets my whole life. Depression, anxiety, starved myself, exercised my brains out. Didn't have a clue what to eat. Tried so many fad diets and nothing worked. So last year in Sept, I figured what have a got to lose so I tried a Vegan diet (I also was ethically motivated). Without sugar coating shit - it was hard at first because I didn't gradually step into it - just went right into it. I didn't know how to eat. But with the help of all the info on YouTube (many Vegan channels) I learned quick! High cholesterol, gone. Prediabetes, gone. Depression/anxiety, gone. I feel stronger, healthy and I can eat until I am full - not this low carb starving yourself half to death shit. What have you got to lose girl? Try it! Start slow if that works better for you. Sorry to say you will find some drama I'm the Vegan community but there are some really good ""teachers"" out there! Lilly from Hawaii is fanastic- go to ""legit nutrition Hawaii""! "", "" that Vegan couple""- also good! They did a response video and listed good sites for you! Save yourself hon!"																																				ur amazing - go to more depth in the story																																				I have a eating disorder																																				I'm 12 and I'm already..... 102pounds I'm a lot bigger then what ive wanted and I don't want it to be like this I've been told I'm fat I need to go work out I don't know what to do can you please help me I look at other people and say I wish I had there body cause I don't please tell me what I have to do to be the way I want																																				+thegabbieshow you're body is literally goals. You're life is goals to me Ily __																																				Yes																																				Gabbie	 you are awesome	 and you have almost two million people who agree with me	 you are funny	 you are talented	 and you are sure as hell not fat. So what if you have an eating disorder	 we still love you for who you are.																														You go girl!! You are sooooo pretty. Don't listen to the haters______																																				Gabbie you are extremely beautiful and we all love you so extremely much	 keep up being this awesome you	 you are truly an inspiration to me personally	 don«t ever forget you are queen and you slay in everything you do. Keep up being beautiful and awesome																																	im 11 and I weigh 160 pounds i hate every part of me and i want to lose most of my weight I didn't eat for 5 days and I felt so sick and seeing this makes me feel good knowing u survived it and it shows me that so can I thank you gabbie ily																																				You are so beautiful inside and out please know that																																				I've gained 25 pounds this past school year and I can barely fit into half of my clothes. It makes me wanna cry ____																																				Please do make a full video about your story. Disordered eating is so common for women and hearing your story and how you're overcoming it can help a lot of girls. __ wishing you happiness and health!																																				You are a beautiful person inside and outside	 Gabbie.																																			i dont know what to say. after my dad died last year i gained a lot of weight. 47 pounds to be exact. i dont always feel great but this was amazing thank you.																																				gabby ur gorgeous																																				I love you Gab! And you inspire me! <3																																				I thought she ate actual goldfish at first																																				I literally cried.. I've had so much struggle with this in my life and I always thought I was alone through all of it..																																				Thank you so much Gabbie for sharing your story. I have struggled with this for a while and it is really uplifting to know that someone out there that doesn't even know I exist knows that eating disorders are serious and need to be talked about	 so thank you so much Gabbie																																			This was honestly so helpful and honest and amazing. Thanks																																				I have a eating disorder....heh...																																				Big hug cause I struggle with an eating disorder too. I am in the beginning of my recovery and still struggle but at least I try every damn day.																																				I have a friend who is 40 pounds and she won't eat I don't know what to do for her																																				You made me cry so hard	 but I do feel better about myself. thank you so much Gabbie. And God bless you. __																																			Gabbie you are not fat. you are a really big inspiration																																				I just burst into tears watching this video	 I honestly DID NOT realise I needed to see this up until now. So thank you	 a lot. I'm so sorry aswell that you've had so much shit to deal with	 but thanks for telling us your own story. It kind of puts life into perspective when you realise that your own demons are being faced by others too. So thanks for making me feel like I wasn't alone. And keep going Gabbie. Even on your bad days know that we love you and we will always stand behind you																																	more in depth plz																																				Gabbie	 you are an amazing person	 and you are beautiful. Also	 thank you for making this video. It helped me a lot.																																	I love you and you're my Ultimate goal... I look up to you__ i Think you're perfect as you are and i want to be you	 when i grow up	 but im probably just going to be a fattie With no friends __ i love you and lots of other People love u too so dont forget that you're loved and perfect																																		Gabbie you are beautiful and I've never really seems you as fat or ugly alla those hater may say stuff like that because they feel the same way and I've never seen you as having a big nose again the haters may feel that they have a big nose or may think they look fat but Gabbie you are beautiful and everyone and every subscriber thinks your a funny and amazing girl you are beautiful person just the way you are and all of your viewers love you for who you are on the inside not th he outside your AMAZING																																				"Gabby!! I saw you at Target ages ago when I just started watching your videos, and I thought you were so funny, and I just smiled at you, because I thought, "" i bet people come up to her all the time!"" Thank you so much for sharing. Your message was so great and caring, and I'm so sorry you were bullied. I've struggled with bulimia, but I'm getting help too."																																				love you______________________ but starvation mode isn't a thing																																				Well ALLLLL of us support you and you boosted confidence is a lot of people... In my eyes u r just a perfect person.__																																				Ur beautiful ____																																				Can u please do a more in depth video?																																				aww__																																				Honestly	 your body is goals for me. And	 this helps. You're so beautiful	 and really skinny actually! Not that being skinny matters with beauty. I've also struggled with eating disorders my whole life too	 and I relate.																																Gabbie you are such an inspiration and a great role model. You are freaking gorgeous like you are literally goals to me. I wish I had the motivation you have. I love you so much you are AMAZING :)																																				Gabbie you're so pretty and funny and amazing. Don't listen to all the rude people out there																																				Correction CRYING																																				Thank you gabbie	 so much you helped me so much im tearing thank you __																																			I know exactly what you're going through	 Gab and I'm only 14.																																			david dobrik should watch this. you Gabbie! I love you!____________																																				stay strong beautiful <3																																				i remembered being called fat when i was younger than i lost some of my baby fat and know people consider me skinny and I'm like tf																																				Gabbie your gorgeous! I actually wish i had your body __																																				This hit me like a train. Listening to you put yourself down made me upset. You're beautiful. I look up to you as an inspiration. I love you so much. Please be confident in yourself because you are truly beautiful																																				i just watched this video. and im crying. Thank you Gabbie. Thank you.																																				I always thought Gabi was just another beautiful curvy girl__. She still is. I love her so much	 go head gabi	 preach____________																																		Who else started crying?																																				This hit home a little too hard. I'm glad that I stopped to take a look at this																																				ive never actually seen an eating disorder video and afterwards felt inspired to go running. thanks gab i needed this	 though my ankle is still healing i seriously need to get outside and start working on ME again. love you																																			But what caused your anxiety? I suffer from anxiety as well so I am curious to know what causes your anxiety																																				Ur body has always been goals to me.____																																				I've had an eating disorder similar t¿ yours with binging and restrictive cycles for 18 months now	 and it's really tough! I'm s¿ proud ¿f you for working at recovering	 stay strong __																																		Inspiring. ps. I love your body Gabby!!																																				|-/ you are beautiful. I know you may not see that	 but we all do. Every inch of you is beautiful	 from your toes to your hair.																																		I've struggled with anorexia for as long as I can remember. I can't even remember life without it. I'm 18 now and developed mine full blown at 7-8 years old. I would love to hear about your journey as hearing other recovery stories helps motivate and encourage me - I'm sure for others too. I hope that things are doing well for you now. I can truly understand what living with an eating disorder consuming your mind is like	 and I just hope that you aren't struggling as much anymore. Sending love and support ! __																																			"wow you really said this perfect. ""you'll never be happy if you're always comparing yourself to someone else"" I had an ""aha "" moment after you said that. Just thank you gabbie"																																				Those last 3 last lessons are EVERYTHING! Proud of you. Inspired by you <3																																				Nobody is skinny. You should be proud of who you are. I'm so glad you got threw this. The people who call you fat help you into your way to success. I was called fat and I said I need to lose that weight to be called what I want to be called and that's what I did to lose weight. I hope everybody who thinks their ugly or fat can take this message and use it to improve their confidence because to start off with a healthy body you need a healthy heart first!__																																				"I used to be fine with my body, but now as I'm a teenager (14), I've started to become a lot more critical of myself. I'm starting to think that my stomach is too chubby and if I ever am going swimming in a bikini, then I refuse to eat at all during the day beforehand. If I eat enough food for my stomach to look bigger, I suck in my stomach a ton. I'm so self conscious of my boobs and my butt, or I guess, my lack of them. I'm surrounded by all these confident girls with curves and flat stomachs, and I just don't feel adequate anymore. I have a larger forehead than I would like, and I constantly feel like I'm being judged. At one point, a car full of college boys pulled up next to my mom's car, and they were all leaning forward and staring at me, and they unrolled the back window and we're all looking at me, and one of them winked (creepy, I know), and they were saying things to each other and keeping pace with our car to look at me (my mom confirmed this). My thought process wasn't: ""wow! They think I'm attractive."" It was: ""oh god, they're making fun of my forehead and my small chest"". I don't know how to become more confident with myself. Everyone seems to do it so easily. What's wrong with me?"																																				"I'd love to see a video of your journey. From what you said about your experience it sounds a lot like mine, and I've never spoken or even heard from someone who shared this disorder with me. In fact, I've had a friend tell me that ""well that doesn't sound real, stop dramatizing"". Never have I ever been more furious in my life, not at my friend, but mostly towards myself. I started to wonder if my problems were valid and for a long time I stopped sharing that part of my life and kept it all inside. I even stopped working in my journal because to me that gave my problems a physical form written down on a page. I'm still trudging through the thick of my disorder, but the fog's lifted and I can at least see where I am and where I want to be now that I've gained perspective. I feel that hearing your story might help me through my journey, so I really hope you do share it. <3"																																				Thank you so much for sharing. I'm getting to be the same way..																																				You are a beautiful person Gabby. Inside and out. You have an amazing bubbly personality and I love that about you. You sharing your story really tells your viewers a lot about you as a person. You are so brave and strong. Don't you ever forget that. We are all here for you.																																				She is beautiful she's honestly not fat her body is amazing people only think that because she has curvs and a big but and boobs__ she's gorgeous but yes I can relate I'm very sorry that u whent through that I kind of did to__																																				"If you're a younger girl, and you might be bigger than other girls your age, it's just your body going through a stage in life. Trust me, this year I'm much thinner and I've been going through more 'changes'. I've always considered myself 'fat' but, it's really just my brain being like ""Girl, you only like six, you gotta have some pounds to be AWSOME!"""																																				I'm literally crying I used to be like that and I just got out of it thank you so much for making this. I feel like there's someone else out there that used to be like how I used to be. All I have to say is thank you and I love you																																				dont u dear think that ur fat ur the most beautiful person that i have ever seen ur funny ur awesome and ur respectful i would love to meet u i wish nobody said mean things 2 u but there r idiots everywhere but don't let them get to u																																				i wish i had eating disorder :)																																				go vegan you will feel happier that ever trust me it helped me with my depression and i eat sososososos much lol																																				This is my favorite video on YouTube																																				Wow Gabbie I feel horrible... We all love you and hope your ok all the time...																																				She's an inspiration to me (: You go girl!																																				Gabbie I'm not like most of your viewers I'm a guy but I think everyone should watch you.... Because you are funny and inspirational thank you fir affecting my life I recently lost 26 pounds by jogging and swimming thank you!																																				gosh this made me cry but it was helpful __																																				gabbie you are so beautiful. people that don't know you are missing out on a beautiful	 wonderful young woman. all of your friends and family are so lucky to have someone like you in there life. you bring a smile to my face when I see your videos. you are perfect the way you are and don't try to be any other but yourself. even though I don't know you personally I can see you are an awesome person. honestly I wish I knew you personally.																																			Gabbie you are not fat	 you are beautiful. I hope you never have eating disorders again. You have a beautiful body. We all love you__																																			you are my spirit animal gabbie. i love you__																																				wait she ait gold fish ??I don't get it ???																																				you're so amazing_ so brave to make this video and try to bring a message in our minds!!																																				Whoever dislikes this has no heart....																																				why the hell did I just find you!!!! you're such a beautiful soul and I love you so much																																				i am a 13 year old girl i was always told i was fat and i beleive every word of it every time i look in the mirror i think im so ugly and fat i weigh 160 pounds ppl say its cuz of my height but i don't know i truly think im fat and not good enough i basically starve myself everyday yesterday i didnt eat anything but crackers i am 5'5 btw																																				__________________________________________________________________																																				I have autism and I like to squeeze poop between my fingers and slop baby food all over my vagina. I love me.																																				You're perfect the way you are <3																																				____																																				Gabbie I'm a big fan of yours and I just want to say that I didn't think that you were fat before you started losing weight.																																				Gabbi	 I'm so glad to see you post something like this. I struggled with Bulimia years ago	 and I still think about it a lot. It's wonderful to see someone as beautiful as you speaking out. I may even make my own video about my struggles too. Keep doing you	 you're beautiful no matter what. 60 or 600 pounds	 you have a beautiful soul. <3																																I am so proud of you! It's difficult for people to talk about the issues they are battling with. But you put your story on the internet. You let everyone know that they are not alone	 not matter what they are going through. You are handling this the best way possible and you are so strong. You will get through this! I believe in you. Your Underdogs will be behind you to support you 100%. I love you	 Gabbie! Stay beautiful. Stay weird. Stay you! __																																		This is so beautiful	 Gabbie. Thank you.______																																			I think I kinda needed this video. thank you you're beautiful love you xx																																				Gabbie your goals honestly like you also super brave for putting this out																																				I've always thought you're so gorgeous and never understood why anyone would even think to call you fat. Brave of you to even share this much	 but if you feel it's not too hard for you to share more details	 I'd absolutely love to listen and watch. I'm sure your story will help many in the same/similar position. Your voice is strong__																																		You are beautiful. Screw those people who tell you otherwise. You`ve got an entire (internet)family of people rooting for you	 telling you to keep strong	 to keep going. We love you too	 and we believe in you.																																	Yes																																				Gabbie you are anything but fat in fact your in perfect shape and the fact that people say you are and hate is heartbreaking. Thank you for lifting me up in bad times, you are an inspiration. I loved gaming videos and all that junk and then I found you and your ALL I want to watch. Road trips. :haunted__: hotels etc. Thank YOU for being apart of MY family and life I love! Bye +TheGabbieShow																																				__																																				more in depth story plzz																																				i dont even know if your going to see this but dont let anyone tell you that your fat. i never thought you were fat. you are very pretty and i love you.																																				Ive strugged for 4 years now with eating disorders and watching this was literally the best thing ever for me hostly gabby thank you so much!!																																				Gurll ur perfect																																				Lmao that awkward moment when what people tell you are true (about myself	 not her	 Gabbie's basically goals)																																		an eating disorder is a lack of food. bitch	 by the looks of your ogre-looking body	 u aint lacking any food																																		whats the song at the end of the video?																																				another video?																																				I'll be healthy when I can afford it 																																				youre beautiful inside and out	 much love																																			I feel the exact same wayy I'm bigger than most of my friends and family members it makes me upset . I teared up looking at this ____																																				Gabbie	 I would love if you would make another video about your journey. I've been struggling with anorexia for awhile and I'm slowly learning to recover. This video let me know that I'm not alone and that I can get through this. Thank you and I love you <3																																			I love you so much!! I'm so sorry you have been through this. I love you! Feel better gabbie!																																				Thank you for this. I needed it.																																				I've struggle with something similar to this for as long as I can remember. And Lately it's been a constant obsession. After watching this video I realize that I need to start working on my confidence rather than my weight. You're such a strong woman gab. This video truly makes me feel beautiful and I've never felt that once in my life. So thank you gabbie for being you and having the courage to share these things with us. You've really inspired me to do better for myself. I love you gab ____																																				Everybody is meant to be different, nobody is supposed to be the same, don't let those other people bring you to the pits and don't take life for granted....... I'm proud of ya Gabbie Quote by Christina Grimmie																																				* hugs *																																				I would also really like to hear more about your journey <3 you're so inspirational gab xxx																																				that happen to me too hi im kaylia and im 10 years old iy started happening when i moved to las veges																																				Just realize that you help lots of your fans through problems such as this and much more. You may have the help of friends and family	 but your fans wills be there to help support you. All your fans are like a huge family	 so we will be there for you.																																		This might sound creepy but i hope my future wife is like you Gabbie... <3 so purrty:3																																				Thank you.																																				Gab I am so sorry you are so beautiful you don't deserve that please take care of yourself __																																				______																																				is it ok if ur thighs are really large?																																				Okay	 so	 I know that this comment will probably never be read	 because one	 I'm late	 and two	 it's one in....a lot. But yeah	 here goes. Okay	 so	 I don't suffer from eating disorders	 but I have many many friends who do. I don't know what it's like	 but I know what it looks like	 I just..... I don't know what I'm saying	 this is more of a ramble	 but	 yeah. People who say you're fat? Don't you ever believe them. You are not fat. You look great. I know I'm just another voice in the crowd	 but I hope that somehow you see this. The point to living is to live it to the fullest and you can't do that if you're always obsessing about something or other. If you don't like yourself	 if you aren't happy with yourself	 if you keep comparing yourself to others	 you will never be fully you. The more you love yourself	 the less you are like other people. I just want to say	 don't ever believe those hate comments. They are hate comments for a reason.__															we love u gabbie never change cause u r soooo so so unique love ya																																				"Gabbie, I've known you since you were just a vines and then introduced as a YouTube. And ever since I've tagged along I've loved you in every single shape or form you've been in. So please keep being you because so many people love you just the way you are. ( but if you prefer yourself ""skinnier"" pursue that goal and we'll still love you the same____________________"																																				Uh	 BITCH	 you are not fucking fat you are PHAT as in thick AF																																		"I feel where you're coming from Gab. I struggled for a few years in high school with exercise bulimia, orthorexia, mild bulimia and anorexic tendencies. (I was never diagnosed but these were the disorders my behavior would have been classified in) I couldn't even have sleepovers with my friends because if I didn't run 3 miles a day I'd get severe anxiety about gaining the weight back. I remember one time I just ate a piece of cheese cake and I did 3 hours of cardio because I was scared. I used to binge on granola bars and then cry for hours because I felt so fat. Which was ridiculous because I had lost 70 pounds. Then people always do assume that you're naturally thin. People even said, ""I wish I had a metabolism like yours."" Which screwed me up even more because I thought if I gained the weight back I was a failure. I'm so glad I was able to recover, I'm so much happier now for it. I hope that all the girls our there struggling can recover and learn to love themselves for who they are not what society has told them they need to be. You're beautiful inside and out Gabbie. <3"																																				Growing up I was called skinny	 that I was to skinny and that I needed to eat more.But what people didn't realize is I did eat and I liked the size of my body! So what im an 18 year old who weighs 95 pounds and has since in probably 8th grade. I am a soon to be mommy and this is the first time I have weight even close to one hundred pounds in my life.(I will gain more the further along I get). I use to workout A LOT for ROTC program	 I was on the raiders team and I was one of the 2 girls at the time actually going on competitions and competing against kids who looks like they weighted way more than I did but that didn't keep me from trying my hardest. I remember hearing that our team has one the first place prize for Raiders competition and I this little tiny girl with these muscled guys and a girl who was bigger than me helped win the competition just as much as everyone else on that team.I love my body and I wouldn't want my body to be any other way.																																		"Your not ""fat"" no ones fat it's called curvey. Just because you have meat on your bones doesn't mean your fat, listen your stunning and pretty and I have someone in my life who went through this. Your never gonna be ""fat."" That word is a word just like any other, it really doesn't mean anything, someone created it and made the meaning. But beautiful has so many meanings. It's means a women's confidence, or something thats beautiful, and you my darling have that confidence we all do, just remember to find that confidences you have to BELIVE in your self____"																																				We love you Gabbie______																																				I don't know if this is considered an eating disorder but my sister has stopped eating because she always feels nauseous and has emetophobia(fear of throwing up). So she thinks if she doesn't eat she can't throw up. She has lost 12 pounds in 6 months. She thinks she's actually sick because of her nausea but I think she's just hungry.																																				But Gabbie your beautiful and your not fat you are the perfect size plus your hair is perfect all the time and you really inspire me a lot																																				"GABS! Please do another ""in depth video"" for this! I love you so so much and honestly I can relate to your story a lot. You're so brave to be posting this and sharing your story, and yes it may not have the recognition it needs (because this has such an important message). Way to go , gabs."																																				____ Wow I never knew it could be that bad I am so sorry gabbie																																				You are a really great story teller	 and I think you help a lot of people by sharing yours! You are such a thoughtful person	 and I wish there were more people like you																																		Were you using lose it?																																				Was I the only one who was crying because she is absolutely perfect and so is everybody else																																				"I never saw gabby as a ""fat"" person I honestly get offended when I see comments about your weight or any of your flaws, I love you gabby I've been a huge fan since vine and won't ever stop l being one! One of my favorite things is your not fake! Like abunch of other YouTubers! I'm 13 I also have a eating disorder I weigh 110 pounds and I thought I was fat mostly because my whole life I was called fat what mad it worse was when my friend who is really tiny said I was too fat to be alive and he was surprised I didn't create a sink whole that was about 2 years ago but this video made me look at my self at a whole new perspective! I wanna thank you for that!"																																				do a collab with superwomen																																				I love this																																				hey gabbie i kinda have the opposite happen to me. I loved working out and i wanted to get as big as i could and so i would eat so much every day that i would get to the point where i would check my weight every hour just to make sure that i weighed as much as possible. after a while it got to the point where i got stressed out every time i didn't weigh as much as i could each day and i started to hate eating anything and it really put a toll on me bc it felt like my body couldn't take it anymore. but i did stop that and now im doin pretty good bc im not forcing myself to eat all the time to gain weight and muscle and im just taking it step by step now. welp there's my story and great vid btw																																				"Everyday, my only thought is how my body looks and what I'm eating. I'll look at my friends and think ""wow, I would love to have there body."" I love food, and I just can't stop myself when I start to eat crap. Then I'll think to myself ""I wanna loose weight, but I don't want to become anorexic."" then five minutes later I'll think ""You know what, i'm fasting tomorrow."" My friends have made small remarks about my weight, or how I might not be able to fit into their clothes, which I have also done to one of my best friends in the world. I'll look back at my day when I'm falling asleep at night and I'll think ""How are every single one of my thoughts about my weight, or how boys don't like me, etc, and how do I not notice it."" I've been ""struggling"" with how I look since I was seven. Sometimes I think I look really fat, when I'm really not. It started to make me tear up that you had the same problem, because you are one of my idols, and that makes me kinda happy inside that I'm not the only person in the world that thinks about this 24/7. Thank you ILY <3"																																				Ever since I was young	 doctors called me obese. I'm not. I just have muscles. Thanks to doctors who don't know crap	 I now associate muscles with fat and ugly. I have lately been trying to eat less and less but I'm never going to skip I meal. Or so I think. I also have anxiety and paranoia. This has affected me also. I need advice if this is a problem or it could become one. Thanks. Also if you are reading this all the way through	 you are beautiful and amazing	 if someone ever says they aren't	 the don't know crap. __																															For me skinny is not a body type it's a style of jeans and for anyone who is struggling with their weight just remember if your not happy with your body now you'll never be you'll think you too skinny or too fat it's an endless cycle that I've Been riding for too long																																				I am experiencing Ed rn. I hope you see this comment and know that I'm so damn proud of you. Know that you are a warrior and a survivor ____																																				"As a child I had eating problems as well. My great grandma was over weight and my ""friends"" made fun of her if they came over. One day a girl called me fat in the middle of the lunchroom and everyone heard and called me fat as well. I took a look in the mirror and saw what they imagined me as. I cried for days. my mom would give me my plate and leave to make others plates. I have it to the dog and started loosing weight over a 6 month period. One day I finnally looked in the mirror again and saw a girl who was skin and bones. my mom would make me eat candy to try to make me gain weight. Finnally they called me fat again and I told them ""I am a human. I will have fat on me. it is how we survive. I thought I was fat so I changed for you. that was a mistake."" I gained alot of weight and was finnally healthy again. I now weigh 120 pounds going into 7th grade. please don't give others the satisfaction of hurting you."																																				This hits so close to home. :(																																				What was the disorder called?!?!____																																				Gabbie you are amazing __ love you so much !!																																				Thank you so much for this. I'm 330 lb	 and while I have been called many unkind things by my family for it	 I think I call myself the worst names. I have to lose weight asap for reasons like	 my blood pressure	 foot pain	 etc. but I just feel so ashamed of every aspect of my appearance that I figure no one will love me anyway	 so why try to look nice for them? I know that's unhealthy thinking	 but I have trouble controlling that I guess. I'm trying to be healthy for me now	 but again	 I'm not always nice to myself. I think my bodily aches are a mixed blessing though	 because I want them to stop	 so the answer is not just weight loss	 but hydration and nutrients and whatnot. So thank you for this video. I think you're beautiful	 you rock	 and you deserve happiness.																						Whoo go gabby!____																																				I wish I could write you thousands and thousands of nice comments to cancel out the bullies																																				Gabbie you look so pretty. you've got the perfect body (in my standards) but it's always good to eat healthy. You got this																																				Okay dude	 I'm soooo obsessed with food like when my parents eat dinner without me I feeeeeel soooooo freaking sad that I missed out on food. I'm that obsessed with it I love to try to eat lots of it and love food. I'm serious I get solo sad I missed out on food																																			I hate ricegum																																				before your therapist brought it up and you mentioned it to your friends	 they never talked to you about it or tried to help if they noticed?																																			Just know all your fans are here for you and we love you and we understand	 have faith in yourself you are gorgeous ____																																			this whole video made me so emotional																																				Please do a more in depth version of this story because this was so really and true. I loved it																																				I'm crying	 I related to this so much and I still struggle. I haven't had an eating disorder but I definetly have considered skipping a meal. Even though I KNOW I'm not fat	 and I KNOW I'm not ugly	 I can't help but feel that and it gave me a little bit of confidence to know that it's not just me because whenever I try and talk to someone they think I'm fishing for compliments because I come off as confident but I'm really not. Thanks for making this Gabbie because I know this was probably really hard for you.																																	I'm 12 (almost 13) and I'm around 121lbs and I'm at the height I'm supposed to stay at my whole life	 I'm around 5'	 I'm supposed to be around 100-110 which is a healthy weight for me	 since I haven't been eating right so far	 I'm going to try to lose the weight so I can make sure I'm healthy. (I know Im not an obese weight	 but I just wanted to say something)																															Gabbie	 if you're comfortable going into depth about then do it. If you're not don't feel required to.																																			YOU ARE NOT FAT AT ALL!!!!!!! I SWEAR.																																				Such a beautiful video. Bless you Gabbie																																				Your not fat ur fat because u think ur fat																																				Make a vide going into detail. Love you																																				I wish there was a way to talk to you	 this video meant so much to me. God bless you Gab :)																																			You're irritatingly gorgeous.																																				it's a difference between being curvy, and beautiful and being obese. (i know, many people will be mad and comment or something, saying that it's mean to say that curvy people are beautiful and obese are not. but I, by personal opiniondon't think that unless you have a medical reason that keeps you from excersising and staying healthy, but if you by choice but yourself at risk and all your loved once it shows kind of how , well i don't wanna say selfish, because that's a little strong, but yes. i think it's selfish) ANYWAYS way of track, gaby your beautiful and stay strong<33																																				I really needed this today __ Thank you																																				Hugs from Norway<3																																				i would like a more in depth video please ____																																				Thankyou so much for uploading this video	 Gabbie. I don't know what to say. I struggled with an eating disorder only a year ago	 with all the feelings and thoughts you described	 combined into one big mess. I won't go into details about my experience	 however I hope you know you are loved and appreciated all over the world. Its a real monster	 but if we fight it	 it will leave us in the end. Love from Ireland. xo																														"Omg I'm crying now I'm 14 years old I'll be 15 next month I weigh 180lbs and I'm only 5'2 I'm overweight and I've never been confident in myself my anxiety is terrible I have depression and with all of that being bipolar really doesn't help, to this day I'm still not comfortable with myself just the other day my older brother wanted me to go swimming with him and his girlfriend all she had was a 2 piece for me to wear, I went to try it on to see what I looked like and once I had it on I just started crying. I haven't worn shorts this summer, I've barely left my house, I've only went swimming about twice this summer and I love to swim. And you're most definitely right a tan does make ""fat"" look way better but I can't tan because I'm scared to leave my house and get judged by society, I've been called fat my entire life and I hate it and when I try to do something I fail and I'm scared that I'm never gonna be happy because I'm not happy with myself and I don't think I ever will be."																																				You are not fat																																				Gabbie your awesome even if you had a disorder I have it right now so I know how you feel																																				"Hello Gabbie, my name is Tessa. And watching you video has really helped me a lot. For the past year maybe I have been struggling with an eating disorder. Sometimes I would go for days without eating or just having a granola bar or two. I thought I was so fat and that I needed to be skinnier. I have stretchmarks on my thighs and calf's. My friend became very worried for me because she knew how much I loved food and I wouldn't eat anything when I was at her house. I ended up telling her and as she held me in her arms i cried for hours, but she sat there telling me ow beautiful I am. I have developed physically and emotionally faster then all my friends. So I am taller then all of them, I have bigger breast and a bigger butt. I have always envied them and just wanted to be able to eat what I want and stay the same weight. One night I was with the same friend and we were skyping another friend of ours. While they were talking I just sat there staring at the ground. I felt like I was gonna pass out, I was so dizzy and so hungry I just wanted to eat something so bad. They both noticed and kept asking what was wrong, I told the I was just tired and went to sleep. My parents noticed I was acting different and started asking me about it. I told them it was nothing and not to worry about it. One day at my sisters volleyball game my dad pulled me aside into an empty room. He sat me down and asked what was wrong. I told him nothing. He stared at me and said I was an awful liar. He asked me again, ""whats wrong"". This is about how the conversation went. ""I'm hungry"" i whisper under my breath ""how much have you eaten today?"" ""nothing"" He proceeded to tell me everything not eating can do to me. My dad is a professional doctor, so he was giving all the details. He told me about how not eating can scar my ovaries and make me unable to have children one day. He then told me how beautiful I am and how important I am. He asked me if I wanted to go see someone about it, I said no. He said he had been talking with my mom and that they don't understand where I got this self image from. After all that he took me and my sister out to dinner. Fast forward about a week. My mom, my sister and I are traveling to NY for a family reunion. During the car ride there I started thinking about my weight and my eating disorder and everything. I turned and asked my mom if stretch marks ever go away. She said no, but that there are special things you can put on them to make them fade. I could feel the tears welling up in my eyes but I kept pinching myself trying not to cry. We sat in silence for a few minuets until she asked me why i asked. I told her I was just wondering, but of course she didn't believe me. She asked me if I was OK, I shook my head yes. But she didn't see so she asked again if I was OK, I shook my head no. She paused the panic! at the disco song that was playing and asked whats wrong. I told her about my eating disorder and how i hadn't eaten all day. She then proceeded to tell me about how some people look at me and want my body and how there are different ways to loose wait. She told me how I was beautiful and that I should be proud of my body. She then let me talk where I told them everything, how I felt, some of the things I did, how long I had been doing them. Like one day I went to a scale to weigh myself. I was 130 something pounds a little over 2 weeks ago. I weighed my self and I was 115 pounds. And I was actually kind of happy. I knew it was wrong, I knew it wasn't healthy or good. but to know I weighed that much it made me smile a bit. After an hour of talking about it, me balling and my sister rubbing my back, we arrived at my grandmothers house. We all get out of the car and my mother and sister both give me huge hugs and told me how much they both loved me. After all of that I have noticed that each and every person told me how beautiful I was, yet still in the back of my head there was a tiny voice that told me I wasn't beautiful, that I was fat. I just now watched your video and I have been crying for an hour straight. It really moved me and really made me think. You are one of my favorite youtubers, you make me so happy. I love your voice, the way you laugh, how you always yell, how AMAZING you are at telling stories. When i'm sad I come and watch your videos. You are such an inspiration and watching this video has helped me. For the first time in the longest time I actually thought that i was maybe....beautiful, and it feels good. I like feeling this way, it's nice. I get that feeling when I watch your videos. I can't thank you enough for everything you have done to me. You make me so happy. Just thank you, I don't know what else to say. Thank you."																																				GABBIE!!!!!!! UR FUCKING BEAUTIFUL!!!!!!! I wish I was their to tell u that everyday!!!																																				Gabbie	 whenever you got teary-eyed I just wanted to reach through the screen to give you a hug because no one who is as wonderfully beautiful and beautifully wonderful as you should have tears in her eyes __																																			I haven't watched many of your videos but you seem like the nicest person and you're honestly perfect the way you are ____																																				you are so pretty	 just stop																																			I have being gaining weight but I still think I'm in a healthy range because I do so much exercise but I have tried eating less but then I just end up bingeing at the end of the day and when I eat normally I still look fat																																				this was a very inspiring video																																				this was a very inspiring video																																				Make a longer version of this please																																				highlight on point																																				Please do an in depth video !! This video really helped me	 I'm struggling with an eating disorder right now and it helped me to hear that someone as amazing and beautiful as you also struggled with this. Thank you for sharing your story :)																																			I have S.T.D selective eating disorder and its very hard to deal with i had to go to childrens hospital and it was awful and now im very afraid to eat infront of people in public or even infront of friends because i dont want them to ask me why i dont eat much because i dont know why and they keep asking when i dont know one lady at the hospital said well thats talking about healthy people when i told her it was bad to have pediasure at ever meal. Gabbie you inspire me so much and in hard times your videos have helped me so much and you are so beautiful and I LOVE YOU .thank you for making videos for the world to see because i know the you help many people with how funny you are and you are beyond amazing																																				Oh Gabbie	 you're so beautiful and amazing and the fact that you can tell the world about this shows how strong you are. All the most beautiful women have curves	 like Marilyn Monroe	 she was considered one of the most beautiful women in her time and Gabbie you're a woman who lives on the internet	 you're strong enough to put your life out there and I love that. You're someone I aspire to be like	 seeing that you made it through high school as I'm going into high school shows me that even though I may have insecurities it does get better. I love you Gabbie	 you're beautiful and I hope you know that.																														Its werid to watch a video about eating disorders and the intro be donuts and after that a noise of someone biting...																																				Thank you soo much Gabbie. This videos helped so much. I love you thank you for all you do for me and everyone else. You are honestly soooo inspiring. I just had to take this time to let you know you are such a beautiful	 caring person and you are so appreciated. Again thank you for inspiring me everyday. I love you. Thank you.																																			Hello Gabbie. I love you and just started watching you a couple days ago. I've seen so many videos, like dozens upon dozens, and I truly feel like we would be friends if we got a chance to ever talk in real life. This video was extremely relevant and relatable for me and I know it was scary, but you are really helping so many people feel less alone. You are giving hope and positive vibes into the universe and it will surely come back to you ten fold. I want you to know that you are gorgeous, but more importantly, you are intelligent, hilarious, honest, and STRONG. I recently made a rambling video of my own that is in a similar vein. It's so sad to me that I don't think I've ever met a woman in my life that didn't have some kind of issue with their body. I am 29 and have been struggling with self hatred and comparison for a little over half my life, that has to do with body image anxiety and bipolar disorder...and I'm getting better, but it's still a daily fight. Anyway, I don't know if you'll see this, but I'm sending all my love from Houston, Texas. You're amazing and inspiring, and I wish I could give you a big hug <3																																				This video made me cry. You are a beautiful person! It is something we all have to remember. So thank you Gabby__________																																				you should be happy with your body the way it is and if people can't like you just because your over weight or anything else then there messed up because people only look at what's on the outside and judge them by that. People judge a lot. Love you for you no matter how much people think of you. like Gabbie said its not about loosing weight its about confidence.																																				I'm watching this and I started crying lol. I relate so much...																																				Jesus gabbie you are beautiful																																				Thank you Gabbie this is everything I needed to hear_ you should never have had to go through that	 but ultimately it made you a stronger person and gave you the strength to encourage others like myself. You are my role model	 thank you for making me laugh and showing me that I'm not alone. _																																		Gabbie you are so beautiful. We will always support you	 no matter what you do. We love you Gabbie <3																																			this is truly amazing	 thank you ____																																			This is so inpiring																																				Gabby	 your story is my life right now. My mind thinks I'm fat but I know I'm skinny. I weigh so much but my stomach is flat and I keep trying to lose weight and it works but it goes back up. People tell me not to wear certain things because they make me look fat. I'm 13 years old and I weigh so so so much but I look fine but I think I'm fat. It's not like I don't eat I eat what I should eat. I eat a lot but I'm skinny but I just gain weight and that makes me feel fat. But I know that I'm not and I'm ok with my body and I don't have a eating disorder but I'm just lost.																																			Lol when she said goldfish I thought she meant her friend had actual GOLDFISH. like, the pet. I know this is a more serious vid, but I thought that was funny.																																				Damn those words are deep																																				what the heck is up with her nose it looks big for some reson																																				Gabbie	 being skinny doesn't mean you immediately my look good. Not saying skinny people don't look good	 just saying u don't need to be skinny. You look hot whether u r skinny or not. You're body is curvy	 naturally	 be proud. I love you!!																																I think gabbie if wonderful and sweet I don't see gabbie as fat if gabbie was skinny j don't think she would be gabbie anymore																																				Thanks gabbie. :)																																				Gabbie you are absolutely gorgeous__ stop worrying about your size__ I am really really skinny and I wish I was a bit more fat you are absolutely amazing and beautiful__																																				I want to be skinny but idk how to start I've tried exercise and dieting but I am so busy with school and doing chores around my house and then having to go to sleep early because I am so tired after all of it. So if anyone knows anything on how to make it all easier. I know I have to make time for all of it but Idk how to do that because I don't know what is gonna happen the next day	 and event might come up or something. I wish I was skinnier	 but I know I am supposed to be happy in my own skin and I am working on that and it's getting better.																																		i have been watching your videos (well.. vines) SINCE 2013 and i never thought: she's fat. not ONE time. i love you gabbie	 so	 much __																																		Gabbie you are the most beautiful person you don't have to change we love you																																				"We don't need to know about your personal life. Everybody has personal struggles, we don't need to listen to your rant about yourself. protip: we come to see the goofy Gabby and we sure as hell don't need.or want to hear about your ""weight loss"" and ""eating disorder"" plz don't rant about personal struggles we know it's hard for some people, but putting it on YouTube does not help your situation."																																				YOU'RE ALMOST TO 2 MILLION																																				That's really awesome gabby! So happy for you. Thanks for sharing	 I needed to hear that																																			"wow when she said ""as long as you're comparing yourself to others you're never going to be happy "" hit me really hard. I've always been like 60lbs above the weight I'm supposed to be and I've always compared myself to my cousin. She's really pretty and even though she's a bit shorter she's skinny but curvy and she's developed and during the summer she went on vacation with us so we had to share a room. I ended up having a breakdown and admitting how uncomfortable I was with my body. of course I didn't say it was her fault because that's who she is and that's how she was born but for some reason i would always compare myself to her. She was short I was talk. She had a ""big butt"" according to everyone and while my but is large naturally because of my genetics I always hated it since it meant having a bigger Jean size. She was skinny ans curvy and I was fat. And it hurt to tell her how I was so uncomfortable in my skin but talking to someone really does help. being able to let out all your emotions and say what you feel helps."																																				This video	 was seriously one of the most inspiring videos I've ever seen. __ Reasons why you're my favorite YouTuber																																			"So I've never been what people consider ""fat"" I've been super (like oml too skinny) skinny my whole entire life. I've never EVER had an eating disorder. I have been told multiple times that I'm lucky. I've also been asked if I'm anorexic or bulimic. I'm not. I may be lucky, but I really don't think so. I can't fit into any clothes, I look REALLY unhealthy even though I actually eat too much, and no matter what I'll always be lucky. Like right now, if you're reading this and say that I AM lucky, I'm not. Nobody is. No matter what, we're fat or skinny. No in-between. So what if he's fatter than you? So what if she's skinnier than you? It doesn't matter. I've also been told that I need to quit eating junk food. I need to start eating healthy, which you think I already would because ""I'm so skinny"" We're all ""skinny."" We're all ""fat."" Whatever. Just as long as you think you're beautiful and are making sure you're staying healthy, you're perfect the way you are. __ If you read all of this,"																																				Wow I think this really help me get through life I don't have to look at myself that way I not saying I am fat or skinny I am just me and not worry about weight but health. Thank you so much Gabie your amazing stay true to you as well.______																																				I think you really should make another video about this	 but telling some moments it got very bad and shit	 just because a lot of your followers (me included) have eating disorders too	 and seeing someone we like so much telling us how to get through it just means and helps a lot																																	yeah my whole life i was told i was too skinny and i was so foucused on eating as much as i can in the full 24hours. not even realizing i was actually a healthy weight and people have this whole idea of curvy women now in days. your either took thick or too thin. so you know what just enjoy your body as it is because its not gonna look that great forever and your gonna look back and regret not loving it.																																				When she said the thing about goldfish I thought she meant like the actual animal like.... Gabbie don't eat the goldfish you're not meant to __																																				this video is one of the best, most sincere videos i've seen in a while. i've been strugling with my body image and weight for a lot of my life and every time i start feeling insecure it's because i'm comparing myself to someone skinnier. i also got really mad and sad lately because a lot of the skinny people i know are encourging eating disorders or have had eating disorders and don't see it as something bad, but they promote unhealthy starving and eating as a way of becoming skinny. i've also been told i'm fat countless times eventhough i was never really fat. and now i never beileive someone if they call me skinny. it's sad, how being skinny is still one of my ultimate goals, eventhough i'm quite good at what i'm doing, have good friends and everything. it just still matters to me, but only when i'm reminded on it. it just upsets me so much. make a whole story about your journey when you'll be ready for it. xoxo :)																																				Gabbie if you ever see this I want you to know that you are insanely beautiful. You are successful. You are what a lot of young girls want to end up being one day. There are hundreds of people out there who would die to look like you. Stay strong and take a look at how many people are telling you the exact same thing. That you are beautiful. That you are skinny. We all love watching you and love how open you are. Good luck and stay strong x																																				gabbie you r amazing. your inspirational and taught me that it is ok to be myself. your not fat but the one things that u r r amazing funny and inspirational and dont let anyone think that u r less then that																																				"""It's not about losing weight, it's about gaining confidence."" that hit me hard. thank you so much gabbie, this video means a lot to all of us."																																				I love this video! Love that your videos have taken a more serious turn! So many girls and women struggle with body issues and I'm glad you make your self appear human to all of us! Lots of love	 this is a struggle you may fight for the rest of your life but just know we are all here for you and each other!______																																			Could you pls do a more in depth video pls. It would really help me lots. Thnx	 lysm__																																			I'm so sorry gabby__WE LOVE YOU!__																																				Gabbie your amazing																																				You are so inspiring	 I love you Gabbie!!!Stay Strong!!!And if it makes you feel better you should post your whole story.																																			oooooooooooooo nnnooo																																				if you lison to the frst pit it sons like she tring to rap																																				I've been obsessive about my weight from early on (7 or 8yrs old) thinking I was too big. I've always had some sort of eating disorder and felt like I did ok hiding it. My fianc and I met when we were 14 and it wasn't until 2 nights ago when we were at dinner that he noticed I wasn't eating and asked me not to fall back into my disorders again. When I asked how he knew about that he said he'd always known. It's true when she says that you don't notice things about yourself or habits you have until they're pointed out to you. I still struggle with body image and eating still gives me anxiety everyday but between therapy and my fianc/friends I'm working on it.																																				I was just hit by a truck filled with wild emotions____																																				So	 when I was eight	 my mom died (cancer)... okay	 so	 i have. had depression since then because my dad sucked... anyway	 i started to not eat because the food he made was disgusting and i thought it would make me feel better... i ended up staving myself. i had felt horrible all the time. i actually jad to go to the hospital because of low sugar and sodium levels (i ate about 300-600 calories each day) after about a week from that	 nothing changed. but then my dad died (overdose) and i was forced to live with my aunt and uncle. i still had depression	 and i was still staving myself. after a year with them i had to go to the hospital again for the same reason. thats when i started eating more	 about 500-900 each day. then i gradually got better... then when i was at about 1000-1600 cal.	 i was 10 and i went to school and some kid start d d bullying me and i ate less and less	 i somehow gained my strength back up and i ate more. im 13 and i still and depressed and i have major anxiety but im normal sized so thats good. dont give up	 i hope this helped someone :)																									Gabbie I swear you are one of the most beautiful people I saw in my life you are pretty from the outside and the inside ____ and I really don't think u are fat																																				__																																				I feel like people just need to watch this and if it does not get through to them	 then watch it again and again until it does! This happens to me everyday (comparing myself) I think look at her figure	 like omg	 and i get in this almost sad depression or whatever just wishing i could change myself! Then after making my whole day about this one person i saw	 i realize that i can't do anything to change my figure. I can work out and eat the right foods	 wear the right clothes but nothing is truly going to change. I realize that i have to get to a place that i feel good at and can accept myself. I will keep trying to compare myself but i need to look at the bigger picture. People need to watch this everytime they feel like what i was describing	 sad	 alone	 depressed because this video made me feel better.																												"All my friends are 110lbs to 115lbs and I am 132lbs, my little sister calls me fat, people in my class call me "" heavy"" and...I'm a 12 yr old. This is what the world has come to."																																				Gabbie never doubt yourself. You are you dont think about other people. __																																				Thanks for your message and your words. It's true comparison is the root of unhappiness.																																				This is probably one of my favourite Gabbie's videos__________																																				We miss you on david's vlogs__																																				What's a eating disorder ? ??Just asking and I'm curious plz don't judge me for being dumb.....																																				"I can't fucking understand how people think "" hey you know, this person needs to be brought down because I fucking feel like it"" line UNLESS THEY ARE THE KKK THERE'S NO READON TO BE AN ASS"																																				Gabbie	 please don't listen to those comments that are bringing you down. You are perfect the way you are and for every negative person on your page there are at least thirty positive fans who love you more than you know. I understand why you are struggling with things like this but every time you think you need to starve yourself just remember how many people will be brought down just by you not being happy. If you are hungry than eat! You are human	 not some robot who doesn't gain weight! We hope you will be happy soon! We love you and hope you can beat your disorder! We know you can!																																		Thank you so much Gabbie	 you made me feel better																																			Just wanted to say it again.. I love you!!!!!!!!!!!																																				Gab	 I love you. You are one of the most beautiful	 real people I have ever seen in my entire life. You are truly amazing and you just inspire me and so many others to love ourselves. I just wanted you to know that. I ABSOLUTELY ADORE YOU. You are by-far my favorite YouTuber because of all the things that I just mentioned and for so many other reasons. You are amazing and beautiful and I love you soooooooo... Ya.. BYYYEEEE																																		I showed my brother a picture of you and said you were hot and he said so you like well model's and I'm not lying																																				thank you gabbie for teaching me something. i have the same eating disorder where i binge eat and then not eat for days. im trying so hard to fight this disorder	 and this video really helped. thank you __																																			"This is what I needed I was at school and I said ""I'm just to big"" and one of my friends said ""I happen to love your body and your not fat. If you were to look up fat on the internet you wouldn't be compatible. You have a beautiful body"" I wish I could've seen more into that and still I'm not happy with my body. Thank you Gabbie ______ this helped me try not to compare myself to others"																																				Thank you.																																				This hit home. This is made me think. We all love you Gabbie!!! You are perfect!!! Thanks so much!!!!____																																				Thank you so much for posting this Gabbie. <3																																				Honestly I have never felt so inspired I've been continually trying so hard to get a body like my friend this made me realize to be more confident in my self and not to shoot my self down so thank u gabby																																				I'm 12 almost 13 and I am over 150 pounds all of the people at my school are like 80-90 pounds. I am never eating anymore and nomatter what I try to do I still don't want to eat. I have been bullied all of my life being called ugly fat and I can't blame them I'm over 150 pounds and I am completely covered in acne no after what I try it won't go away and I truly understand what she had gone through..																																				this video made me cry. thank you so much gabbie	 you really opened up my eyes. youre awesome																																			"this video made me cry, i have the same body image issues and this video opened up my eyes. thanks, gabbie you are awesome also, i think doctors should know how to say ""omg ur obese"" if anything, that will make that person even more unhealthy than they already are. stress can kill u"																																				I get it	 ED's suck absolute balls. I'm just happy you could get some help :) I'm going through a similar deal but my family/friends don't care about getting me help because they believe there's nothing wrong. But I'm dealing and I've upped myself to 800-900 calories from 100-300 a day																																			You're so awesome seriously! I love you! Thank you for being awesome!																																				Gabbie. honesly you don't even know how much I admire you are the most amazing person on this world and know matter what anyone says your perfect in my eyes and everyone that loves you don't forget that.																																				WHAT THE FUCK GABBIE YOU'RE AMAZING WHAT...________																																				Why Tf Are 430 People Disliking This? She's Openly Admitting Her Struggles With Food And Her Eating Disorder Like Wtf Your Hating On Her For Being Real?																																				this video has opened my eyes & now i look at myself better. thank you gabbie																																				I said it before and I say it again. you are beautiful. don't care about the haters. also you have beautiful eyes.																																				this is literally my new life goals																																				im 14 and weigh 167 pounds and i have always been told that i wuz fat and that I would die from obesity before I wuz 30 someone even told me that I should go ahead and kill myself to get it over with after that I had alot of suicidal thoughts I thought no one understood how it felt to have a disorder and couldn't do nothing about it until I ran into this video I want to say from the bottom of my heart thank you gabbie:)																																				You are so fake with your story to get viewer.Ê Shut up	 fruit loop bird	 go drink bleach... hissss																																		gabie your not fat if anything i want to have your body when im older																																				L																																				L																																				I would never consider Gabbie as fat. Curvy	 yes but that's not a bad thing. I'm sure so many people would love to have grannies body	 and she's beautiful just how she is.																																		Your my idol	 one of the reasons im still here gabby	 thank you so much. You've helped me through my battles and now i hope i can help you through yours. Perfection	 and looks don't go together	 perfection and soul is what truely matters. __ Love you always gabs!																																Thank you so	 so much for making this video. I've always struggled with weight and I love you for sharing your story. You aren't alone. I can't express how awesome it is for you to share this.																																			the fat went all to your nose																																				Wow gabby this is so inspiring! I am so uncomfortable with my body	 I am only 15 years old and overweight. I want to lose weight but have no sorts of motivation. I constantly complain about how I look and I always compare myself to everyone around me: cousins	 sister	 friends. I have always told myself I was fat and some people would tell me that I was thick but had a belly. I've grown to accept the fact that I'm just a thick girl but still somehow continue to tell myself I'm not pretty and that i will never have a boyfriend because of how I'm just naturally a big girl. But thank you for the story. You're such an inspiration and I love you so so much __ (it'd be great to get a response	 if not I really hope you read this)																																Gabbie you are such an inspiration __to me and maybe other guys and girls and I have anxiety __and eating disorders__ and you have a beautiful__ person and now I don't__ care about what people say and I want to thank you for that ______________																																				I'm 11 and 104 pounds I'm fat																																				Gurl you aint fat	 God just gave you so much love that you were able to absorb it all.																																			I love this. You are one of the truest people I have ever heard. You came right out to talk about you flaws	 and you always have	 just to bring others up. It isnt about losing weight	 it's about gaining confidence. Those words will forever stick with me!! You are so perfect in so many peoples eyes and don't even think any less than that. We love you Gabbie!																																	Gabbie	 you're so incredibly beautiful! You're drop dead gorgeous inside and out! I'm so proud of you for trying so hard! I love you so much! You're such an inspiration to so many people!																																			I just ate chicken I'm still hungry SOME won help																																				thanks gabby this really got to me thank you so much																																				gabbie this is truly beautiful this will help me in the future																																				Do the in depth version!! Love you gab																																				gabby please its ok you can eat !																																				Gabbie you're gorgeous!!!																																				"When I actually first saw you my first thought was ""OMG! I wish I looked just like her"". I always thought you looked really pretty and it made me really sad to see all those hate comments about you being fat and I always thought you looked skinny even though I'm not that huge either. I am also just so happy because you just showed me that there is hope. My friend has an eating disorder and I can finally for sure now that there's a light at the end of that tunnel and that she can still make something great out of her life. Please read this because I just so badly want you to know that you are not alone and that there's plenty of people who think you're beautiful and will support you through everything. :)"																																				Went from 180 to 110 because of an eating disorder. Tough love got me out of it. Thinking about my privilege and how amazing it is to even have food and water lead me out of my chaotic ways	 I hope that you remain happy and comfy with your skin because you'll only have it once. We all have to love what we got	 no matter how large or small it is.																																		I love you gabby	 you are absolutely gorgeous and beautiful xx																																			tbh ive never thought of you as anything close to fat. i always thought you were super pretty and had an amazing body like ive never once looked at you and thought you were fat and its helped a lot because i have similar proportions as you and its helped me feel better about having bigger thighs or wider hips and thank you so much for doing what you do. youve always helped me when i was in the middle of an anxiety attack by watching your vines or your videos so thank you so much for everything youve done	 man. youve quickly become one of my favourite youtubers and i wish you the best in your life																																			you're absolutely beautiful!																																				listen Gabbie	 from a guy's point of view we tend to like women with the body type you have. seriously	 you've been blessed with the body you have. my first impression when I first seen a full view of you was :0 holy f**ing s**...... plus some other thoughts but..... I'm a gentleman so I won't disclose any of those lol. I've dealt with the same thing after I had a near fatal accident when I was hit by a car. you made a very good point when you said you have to quit comparing because I used to be very fit since I was an mma fighter and trained every single day and had abs on top of abs lol. I know that I'll never get back to that but what gets me through is knowing that I'm doing all I can and am very lucky to carry on with my life and being able to even walk luckily. so hopefully you keep yourself in that mindset and hopefully this hits home with some of the viewers. I hope you at least see this and read which I'm sure could possibly get missed. take care																																		I have always been skinny	 I never really worry about what I eat o how much I eat	 so i am not going to pretend to understand but i have had many friends with eating disorders and self harming because of it so in a way i understand what people feel when they worry and stress about food	 but i think that we should stop looking at people as fat or skinny and just look at them as people because that is what we are. Gabbie you are one of the most amazing people that i know of and i have never even met you	 so i think that that is what should matter to people. Personality. Not weight. BTW if i can see this and i am only thirteen	 then everyone else should be able to too																															This means so much to me because you literally spoke my feelings	 in my head I keep saying I'm fat	 then suddenly everyone was saying I wish I was skinny like you and in my head	 I'm still saying in fat I'm fat	 but you are helping me so much :)																																there was a time last year when I was in the same boat. love you	 Gabbie _																																			gabbie i watched this video and i thought let me look at your comments and almost cried there were so many people that supported you and just gave kind and thoughtful comments to you and I am so happy that you have others fans that feel the way i do and tell you straight up fuck the haters your beautiful and perfect and you have inspired people with what you do your fans love you. Don't forget your getting close to 2 million subscribers and we all love you very much keep up the good work and be sure to read all your kind comments too																																				Thank you so much for making this video 	 I know you probably won't see this comment but there are possibilities .Lately I have been falling into depression and been feeling down I also am not the skinniest French frie atMcDonald's	 and I also have been having trouble with my features 	 I hate to look at my self in the mirror 	 but this video has just tied it all together 	 I live for a reason 	 not to be popular	 not to impress people 	 but to live for God he has a plan for everyone	 I'm trying to show my feeling through music 	 I really hope you see this LYSM!!!!																										Poor baby ____																																				thank u so much ____																																				this helps me a lot																																				i love u																																				This video is so nice____																																				aww	 gabbie your so pretty and you have a fit body not fat I think all those comments musve been typos! people just hate themselves and feel the need to take it out on someone else to make them self feel better when realistically they are probably the one who is fat and are just self conscience 	keep up the good work I think you look great!!																																		Hey Gabbie	 beautiful is beautiful and it doesn't matter what those numbers in your clothes say!																																			ugh I loved this!!!																																				I've realized that I have an eating disorder. This really helped and I'm glad you shared your story.																																				This is really cool	 thanks for putting yourself out there.																																			yeaaa do more vids																																				I would like to know about ur eating journy________																																				Thanks gabbie that really helped																																				I'm going through something like that right now and this video really helped me thank you so much																																				Gabbie	 you should make a video with Kati Morton																																			Gabbie	 I also have an eating disorder	 but it's kind of the opposite where I don't eat enough. If you look at my stomach	 I weigh about 70 pounds and you can see my ribcages without me even sucking in. I'm trying to eat a lot more. I hope you feel a lot better about eating	 and I hope you feel a lot better about yourself <3. Love you Gab! You're my favorite YouTuber <3																																You are a true angel	 gabbie																																			You are a true angel	 gabbie																																			you are so inspirational and strong. i am so proud that you can be this brave. your body is so beautiful and you are so amazing. thank you so much for this video and stay strong																																				Gabbie I think you need a smile today...(read below). I am very sorry for everything u have to go through and everything people say there will always be hate in our world and that's messed up bc it doesn't solve anything well the point is gabbie you are amazing and worth everything and you are the funniest person I've ever seen I know you probley won't see this because it's kinda hard to get noticed but I really hope you do because I really want you to know how sweat beautiful and funny you are you make my day and a lot of other people I know you hear it a lot but your special and ur videos and stuff mean a lot because you make me happy and I needed that (not gonna say why bc I just wanna make you happy) and I'm so happy you where able to say all this and btw all the people they leave hate comment or dislikes slipped or they like Donald t*mp (sorry I cursed so bad) but anyways please keep doing what u do love u gabs and if u do see this I love u so much____																																				you are wonderful gabbie	 thank you so much																																			"Thank you so much for talking about this topic. It is a real struggle that we are constantly thinking that we are never good enough. Being an ""overweight"" girl (as what people say about me) for my whole life, I've never considered myself as a ""physically normal"" person when having to hear people's comments about how big I am, or how better I would look if I lost some weights. And somehow those comments make me believe that I am not NORMAL. But we live for ourselves, NOT for others. As long as you are happy and healthy, that is all that matters!"																																				At the point of watching this I can see 421 dumb cunts. I don't swear because I think it's isn't good. But this a a great video and the people who disliked it. Wow. We need less people like you.																																				what's the song at the end of the vid?																																				I have never seen or pictured you as fat. You are really an amazing and truly beautiful person. Thank you for making this video. I love you so much <3																																				I can relate to this whole video. I'm technically obese and for about a three years i believed and felt like i was 	 and really just in the past few months i have started to fell more comfy in my skin and every word you said is exactly what i went through and that I'm still getting through but i think this video could have just changed my life thank you so much Gabbie.																																			This video is amazing and to be honest I love the funny stories and they make me laugh all the time but these serious stories really just make a person stop and think	 well I think so maybe I'm wrong	 but these stories help you look at yourself and what you think about it and not everyone else's opinion thanks gabbie																																		Hey	 I've never commented on a youtube video but I just wanted to say how much this video helped me in a moment when I was really struggling. Thank you so much for sharing this	 it really did help me feel a little bit better. Please make a more detailed video about this	 I think that it can help more people like this video helped me __																																	ive been avoiding watching this for some reason	 like i was worried to watch it but now that i have i feel like you are talking to me and like something told me to watch it. cause i havent been great lately mentally	 contemplating suicide lately and just hating myself. i love you gabbie x																																		Gabbie	 and every single person reading this comment	 you should never worry about what other people think	 if you are comfortable then you are perfect_________________________________________________________________________________________________WE ARE ALL DIFFERENT. _________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________																																	I was anerexic for YEARS. I get it...																																				My self-esteem is so low the only thing I think when I look at ANYONE is: 'Are they better than me? Prettier? Skinnier?'It's fucking awful and I have no idea what to do about it. I don't want to tell anyone about this because of how ashamed I am of this																																				Is it just me or is ur makeup kinda creepy?																																				"Eating disorders are becoming more and more common with the twisted views that society gives us about body image. ""If you're female, you should be curvy, and if you're not, then you're a stick and no man wants you. Also, if you have some extra weight on you and you weigh 5 pounds over a supermodel, you're fat and no man wants you. Also, you need naturally big boobs. And a big butt. But not too big of a butt. And you also need glowy skin and perfect hair. Good luck!"" The amount of comments on this video about people who have eating disorders is a sign that we as a human race need to stop dehumanizing not only women, but men too, and that the reason we can't accept our own bodies is because we were taught by ignorant people who have freakishly unrealistic standards that we aren't good enough. If you have working organs, you are good enough. If you can wake up and have an okay day and go to bed that night, you are good enough. Don't let people make you feel bad about things you cannot change, because you have one life and it's best to spend it enjoying the experience rather than being worried about the image you project. I'm not saying that everyone should roll around in their own crap, but like we should try to look good to whatever extent is healthy and normal, and if you have an eating disorder, know that if you come to terms with it, it will not be your whole life. Your life is not defined by what you see in the mirror or the difference between your goal weight and your current weight. Your life is defined by how content you can be about each and every day that you have been granted, even though some days aren't the sunniest. <3"																																				Gabbie, I have only seen a few of your videos but plan to watch many more. You are an amazing person with a beautiful soul. Im so thankful i found your channel because I love watching fun youtube videos like yours. i don't know if you will end up seeing this comment, but if you do, i just want you to know that you are beautiful inside and out! Much love, Jenna																																				you are not fat you are beautiful!																																				whenever I eat like anything I throw up and it's not like spit up its throw up and its like my body rejects food I mean I hide it by holding my mouth but its been ever since I can remember but lately I've been noticing a lot more and I just want some like advice if anyone knows if it is a eating disorder or whatever it is.																																				I'm diabetic and you could become diabetic if you still keep this going because your body could give up from losing weight fast or getting really sick from the weight loss																																				"Gabbie, you are beautiful skinny or not__ I am extremely proud of you for climbing all the mountains you had to climb to get here today __ I believe this video will help sooo many people who have been through the same thing. This will especially help young girl out there who are trying to be the models they see on magazines, or the people they see that social media will perceive as ""the perfect body"". I believe that everyone out there is beautiful just the way they are and should not change a thing about them____ again I am so so so proud of you__ all of your fans support you so much, we all love you______"																																				Man	 I wish I was as confident as you. I love you Gabs!																																			You are beautiful Gabbie and this video made me really inspired and I want to say thank you for being you.																																				you should join Superwoman's Girl Love movement. more girls need to hear this.																																				Seriously cried __ love you gabbie____																																				"Gurl you have the whole package, to the beautiful face to the curvy body. Don't let anyone bring you down. Stay strong pretty gurl. ;)"																																				i struggle with selective eating disorder myself. trying food outside of my comfort zone makes me anxious and physically ill. and nobody understands tbh. they think im just being a picky asshole																																				Thank you so much Gabbie! I love you and your videos! You are so inspiring to me. You make me smile and laugh on my worse days. Keep doing what you're doing. __																																				Watching this makes me realize how I'm comparing myself to people That I want to be. because they have the perfect body so they must have the perfect life but I'm now looking at myself and seeing how beautiful I am and how I'm so hung up on looks that I'm losing myself I'm really thankful that u shared this video with us gabbie																																				Love you Gabbie_																																				can you make more videos about this? it's actually really interesting																																				It sounded like you were going to cry this entire video and it made my cry. Gabbie you are an amazing person and I am a huge fan. You're gorgeous and beautiful. I love you and your videos.																																				"Wow. This video really opens up eyes. I have a disease ( not contagious ) that made me lose weight really fast. I lost about 20 pounds in 2 months. I am naturally skinny, so to lose that much weight... I looked horrible. My cloths stopped fitting, I didn't want to go out with my friends. I started noticing on TV how many diet commercials there are. I sat there and thought, ""wow, here I am trying to gain weight and there are people out there trying to lose weight"" I think everybody is beautiful the way they are and shouldn't try to change themselves."																																				inspiration __																																				plz plz plz oh plz help me help HER																																				I have a friend who is beautiful but she thinks she's fat what do I do to explain to her that she's no fat at all																																				When my older brother was little he threw up every thing he ate but he almost died but now he was ok his 14 now																																				omg the song at the end tho perfect choice and this video got real deep																																				You are a beautiful person!!! :)																																				When she said 'goldfish' I thought you meant actual live goldfish	 not the crackers __																																			I loved you before this video and I love you even more after watching this	thankyou so much for your candor because I relate so much to this. __																																			I feel the exact same way as Gabby __																																				I've never related to a video so much in my life. Atm I'm trying to be healthier because I too my entire life have been called fat. I'm right along side you!																																				I think the reason why she keeps smiling and doing little laughs is cause she was trying not to cry																																				How do you know if you have an eating disorder ?																																				PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE GO VEGAN	 it will seriously help you physically and most importantly mentally. before i went vegan i was obsessed with y weight and not eating and weighing myself. once i had only 150 calories in one day! i used to starve myself then go to the gym and try to workout but i was soooo tired and hungry and under-carbed i wouldnt do anything! seriously go VEGAN and you will notice a huge difference	 i did within days. i was HAPPIER and HEALTHIER and FULL OF LIFE																																		U just saved my life. Thankyou. I had my Suicide letter ready to go. Then this video came on auto play. You saved my life quite possibly. Thankyou.																																				i love your videos	 mostly bc of the way you speak and present yourself	 its like casual but idk	 i like it hah																																	your so pretty and beautiful your amazing and your perfect how ever you are																																				I feel you gabbie. but I see you as an idol of mine. and don't listin to people when they say your fat you are so not fat gabbie. your beautiful funny and you seem like an amazing person that would be fun to hang with.																																				Gabbie is so pretty																																				Idk if this is n eating disorder but I try not to eat because I feel disgusting after and then I'll puke it up.																																				the only reason I'm happy is because I compare myself 2 other people																																				oml. Thankyou so much for this video. It was truely inspiring. i legit cried lmao																																				I love you ____________________________________																																				__ I love you Gabbie!! I need a trainer __																																				I have the same thing as gabbie in in counseling now so I'm getting better																																				I LOVE THIS VIDEO PLEAS DO MORE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!																																				I wish I could be like you because I have always been called fat and weird and I have always been bullied and I put up a wall and it is really hard for me to be comfortable in my own skin and you are such an inspiration to me and I just wanted to thank you sooooo much. You are truly amazing and wonderful																																				Well Gabbie I know you probably won't see this but i wanted to let you know that your body and soul are beautiful your personality is outgoing and carefree (or so you come off) but know that you are an idol to most and are an amazing person.																																				I cried at this. Gabbie you are truly one of my idols Insert a billion purple hearts because you deserve so many more than I could ever put in a comment section																																				I get told all the time I'm fat but then my friends tell me I'm skinny and I only remember the people calling me fat so I'm like I'm fat and I haven't been eating as much lately and it's just getting worse I'm the heaviest kid in my class and throw most of my lunch away it's really starting to concern me thank you for making this video Gabbie______________________________																																				Gabbie, you are amazing. We love you, and you are just an inspiration, and ever since ive been watching you, you have made my life better. Thank you. Edit : I made this comment ^^ before watching the video, because why not, and its the truth. Gabbie... you are so beautiful, and amazing, an inspiration, and just a idol in my life. You are so awesome. I just love you. Im self concious too, and i feel the same, but you, saying these things, thank you, and you are just amazing, and i love you so much, you are my family.																																				CLICKBAIT!!!!																																				This video is so inspirational__ I love you Gabbie____																																				Always be kind <3																																				Everyone that is struggling with anything	 I hope you stay strong and keep pushing through. Whether it's anxiety	 an eating disorder	 anything	 don't care what other think. Don't think these horrible things about yourself because just like Gabbie said	 others don't see you like that. They see you as beautiful	 smart	 and kind. Walking past someone in a store you don't think of what they are going through	 you think of what you like about them. Don't judge anyone because you don't know their struggles. Keep pushing through. Keep going	 you can get pat it is whatever is plaguing you. You're beautiful.																											i dont get it? how is she fat 	 bc i really dont see how she would be fat. She should stop calling her self 	 the only person saying shes chubby is her																																		Why would any one ever call you fat and Even if they did your personality is way more important and your so funny . Your amazing and everyone is beautiful in there own way and p.s your beautiful in every way love you________																																				Yeah i would like that																																				u are so inspirational you didnt have to share the story if you didnt want to we would of appreciate it																																				You have a amazing body gab don't worry about your body you are perfect the way you are I under stand what you went through																																				I eat 500-800 calories/day ...																																				Who else saw the background with all the pictures and thought of Miranda sings																																				You are an amazing	 beautiful woman! Thank you for sharing your story!																																			I'm so proud of you Babbie______________________																																				Ive dealt with this for a while and still am dealing with it its so true to not compare yourself to other people because you wont get anywhere if you do that.																																				"""It's not about losing weight. It's about gaining conidence"" - Gabbie <3"																																				This video will help so many people just like the women helped you! Thank you Gabbie __																																				I have OCD and no one understands me either :(. But you are gorgeous Gabbie and no lie you are my body goals!!! Your so pretty and be strong :)																																				Good for you gabbie! Thank you __																																				I THOUGHT I WAS THE ONLY ONE THAT COULDNT SWALLOW FOOD! I had to go to therapy to get over it and I thought I was crazy because I thought it was mental how I couldn't swallow and eat and I lost so much weight	 thank you for making this!																																			Awe gabbie! I'm so proud that you've overcome this! You're perfect honestly you're gorgeous!																																				I am on the verg of crying that was so touching__ even though i have never gone through this i still pray for all the people out there that this is happening to																																				Draw my life gabbi <3 let all the feelings out																																				"Ohhh how much i hate. When a person calls another ""Fat"" like it has some type of ""RIGHT!"" to call him/her That. instead of giving him/her confidence. Then again Gabbie your, so beautiful with COMPELTE Honesty. I really love your look. So be proud of yourself k~__"																																				Gabbie your story is like mine and i am still stuck in not eating																																				U are amazing....																																				"I don't really have anything to say other than I love u__ and that all ur imperfects make u perfect. As Liza once said ""the word imperfect has Im perfect in the spelling"" in her late night thoughts gone wild (she's crazy______) LOVE YA GAB here till the end"																																				i love you gabby you're amazing and this was so incredible i actually cried i love you																																				wow Gabbie you are such an inspiration to me ___																																				this video hit me deep. I would love to hear your full story at some point																																				I'm proud of you for posting this and talking about it. Working through things and finding healing is such a fucking difficult process but I'm so glad you're doing it. You should be proud of yourself!! And be proud of the incredible woman that God created you to be. Go Gab!!!!1!!																																				I haven't been diagnosed with an eating disorder but I have very bad anxiety when it comes to food and if a eat a food that I don't find pleasing it just makes me feel like I'm sick and I gag and usually can't get it down so I haven't been eating much at all lately and people are just commenting on my weight and the fact that i am not aesthetically pleasing and I just am really at a low point like this is all around me at school at home and even at church it is just way to hard to get away from and I keep this from my parents and I never cry in front of then because they will do something that will just make it worse cause it isn't just one person it my entire life that I am told this and I am constantly reminded of it and is I cry at school I am seen as weak and everyone makes fun of my so sometimes I just wait til my parents are asleep and just cry with the door closed until I fall asleep and I just don't know what to do anymore																																				Gabbie i don't know why you think (thought) you were fat because you are so skinny	 like that lady said you a re and always have been a skinny mini!!																																			Y is her chest red and neck so big I never noticed that																																				Gabbie no matter how small or big you are	 you will be beautiful. If people call you too fat	 too skinny	 too ugly	 brush them off and don't let it get to you. Everyone is beautiful	 you just gotta let yourself know that you are.																															I'd love to hear more about it if you're willing to! Thanks for sharing it __																																				Gabbie I totally understand. I don't have a eating disorder but I feel I could be in the begging stages of developing one. I'm really skinny and I've been told so many times by my family and complete strangers that I need to eat more. I've been trying to eat but it's been really hard. Every time I eat with my family I hear what there saying and it makes me not want to eat. __ I've cried for hours so confused about what's wrong with me. What's even worse is when I weighed myself I had lost 3 pounds in 3 weeks. It doesn't seem like a lot but for me it is. This video really showed me I can get past this and feel good about myself enough to take care of my own health. Thanks Gab__																																				The writing at the end made me like burst out crying and then I read the comments and I cried.																																				Love you gab																																				Watching this showed me that I don't have to compare myself to other people to think I'm pretty. This has helped my get over some of my anxiety about not being good enough. Thanks for helping me ____																																				A lot of ppl make fun of me bc I'm skinny... I wouldn't say that I don't care bc I do care but	 at least I'm healthy __																																			You are such an inspiration Gabbie																																				Gabbi first minute of vid I never had subscribed so fast God bless u ________																																				Ur so inspirational ____________________																																				I'm in tears Bc this is me																																				This really helped me:3																																				This made me cry. For the past couple of days i've cried so much because I gained like 3 pounds and i can't find a way to stop thinking about it	 but this video made me feel so much better. I know how it feels to only think around food and i am so freaking tired of this feeling and I don't know how to make it stop. I just want to be skinnier but my head tells me that i'm never going to get where I want to be. This video opened my mind to stop thinking and start caring! love you gabbie thank you so much.																																			You are very beautiful just the way you are______Also never think that just because things don't seem to be going right in life doesn't mean your fat or ugly Keep loving yourself and everything will get better____________																																				______________________																																				I feel like I'm fat. I'm 12 (yeah yeah I'm young so what) I have a 26.5in waistline and I'm 83 pounds which is considered below average but I feel fat. Sometimes I even cry about it alone. I'm really worried I'm going to keep gaining more and more weight. I have a lot of fat on the front of my stomach and I feel so insecure. Will someone please help. Also Gabbie you really helped me thank you!																																				i have a pikachu on pokemon go																																				is Gabbie religious? it kind of sounds like she is.																																				Gabbie	 you are SO freaking beautiful in every single way. I have never viewed you as fat. Every time I watch your videos	 you make me happy	 and that's something that is hard for anyone in my life to do. You inspire me	 and I just wish that I could hug you through the screen because I know what it feels like to struggle with your body and to have anxiety issues. Your subscribers love you and you should too __																																Gabbie! I'd love a more in depth story. You have inspired me so much. I want to be like you. You are my tomorrow__																																				I always feel like I can't swallow liquids in public ____________. like I CAN'T swallow. But iam pretty sure I don't have an eating disorder. just a weird thought																																				Luv this __________sm ____________________________																																				This year has been the year I recovered from an eating disorder. Just 9 months ago I had the same battle. If I didn't stop I'm scared to know where I would have landed. 9 months ago I used to work out 4 hours eat 300 calories or I would fast the whole day and binge then puke my food and working out sometimes no water. Then at night have on small meal a bunch of water and sleep this went on for a year or two. I was so obsessed I lost friends because of it and it truly changed my life. I was always doing research because I feel compelled to know the truth. I always ate chicken broccoli I was scared of fruit I was scared of bread it was just ridiculous. I had protein shakes. I was so obsessed following all these fitness people on YouTube. But one day my Friends mom toke my blood sugar and she said it was very high I was so scared. I started researching even more. Then I came across the high carb vegan diet! Eat all you want	 but no Weight gain. To me this was a miracle.																																			What she just said is the story of my life																																				hey ....I too have been through this a couple of days. I felt the same.																																				I cried so much through this video... You indpired me to talk about my eating disorder with my friends.. Thank you Gabbie..																																				oh nno																																				Realizing I had a couple eating disorders																																				Gabbie	 you're a beautiful human being. I always get really emotional when I see your vids	 and you've had a rough life. You're amazing	 and keep going strong!!																																	I was watching one of your videos with my boyfriend and he said damn those curves																																				thank you gabbie																																				who else cried during this video...I think Gabbie is so beautiful inside and out:*																																				I almost cried duringthis video. Now that I think about you changed how I thought about my body. I am a dancer so you always kinda think that you aren't going to be as skinny as they want you to be. But now I am starting to appreciate my body and who I am. Thank you so much. ______																																				My own father calls me fat __ ever since I can remember to. I swim everyday for 2 hours and I suck at it	 then I get body concious try to do something to entertain myself but always end up eating. I am so frustrated in myself. I also have so much stress from school and stuff cuz my parents want me to be as f***ing smart as my brother. I look at all the other kids on my swim team and I see abs instead of fat I hear them getting regional and state times instead of lectures	 like I said before I am so frustrated I wanna let it all out but I have to be strong.																																		Wow Gabbie you're truly inspiring__																																				Ik how u feel. I used to look at food at get sick cause I told myself I was fat. Your strong keep it up																																				My awesome friends and family																																				thank you for making this video																																				Inspirational Gabbie is the best Gabbie! LOVE YOU!																																				I love my body. I've been called fat my whole life. But I love myself. And everyone should as well. <3																																				When she talked about goldfish I thought she meant pets omg.																																				Can you do a video about anxiety? I'd really like to see something like that.																																				You should do a more indepth video about your eating disorder.																																				I have an eating disorder																																				you should post a detail video if you want to																																				This video really helped me. My mom has told me twice now that I was fat	 because I am starting to get too big for size four jeans. I almost started to not eat	 but this video stopped me. Thank you.																																		It was so sad watching u like u smiled through the pain but I could see that u were basically crying inside :( I do that sometimes (smile through the pain) love u tho and I junk u r rlly pretty__																																				Can you please make the more depth video please																																				I've always thought I was too skinny. I know most people thinks that stupid. I'm only 104 lds and I'm 5'3.																																				thank you gabbie																																				"This video made me tear up. Gabbie, you've been my inspiration to become a better me for awhile, and finally hearing that you struggled, and are still struggling, with the things I've been struggling with makes me both happy and sad. Happy because I see you fighting through it and not backing down, which makes me have strength in myself to do the same, but also sad because I wouldn't wish the feeling of hating your body so much you refuse to eat on my worst enemy; Especially because I've always thought you were one of the most gorgeous people out there, both mind and body. I love you Gabbie, and thank you for this video, and all the others <3<3<3<3 You truly are an inspiration and a role model"																																				you are so pretty ____ and my goals! Don't listen to the negative people. I love you _																																				Gabbie	 I'd love to see another in depth video. I suffer from BED and I didn't realize that I had it until my therapist was noticing patterns in my history of weight loss or gain and my insane weight gain in the end. I think its important for you to share if you're comfortable because alot of people ( including myself at one point) could not see that there were so many people who knew what i was going through. I'm glad you shared this with us	 because no-ones perfect. For me	 I want to be healthy for myself and for my boyfriend	 so that I can have a happy and long life. I'm working hard each day to remind myself to be kind to myself and not to restrict what i'm eating. Just eat mindfully and try to listen to when I'm truly hungry and when I'm truly full. Also	 meditation has helped greatly. The free apps I use for mediation are Calm and Headspace. It helps greatly for those who's heads are spinning or the anxiety is closing in or the depression is blinding you. I hope this helps someone and I hope everyone can try to learn to love themselves <3																															your my role model gabbie I think I realised that I have an eating disorder and now im ganna try ti start to get better with it																																				WOW!!!!!!! OMG im actually crying!. This has really opened my eyes. Like 	 im always thoight to myself why are you always eating like ur fat enough and that all the boys like the girls with flat stomachs and a thight gap in which i dont have . I stopped eating for days and days and it came to a point where my sister had to bring me my lunch in front of my friends and wait for me to eat it so i could show her.My mum always thought that i was on a diet and that i was getting bullied at school because of my thighs. I tried to count my calories ao i could be fit like all those girls that were born with the 'perfect body' . And still know i have a problem with vitaimin SD because i dont eat enough or dont eat the right foods. i am very active but is eating wrong is what ive always bben told. But watching this makes me realize that i really do need help to controll it so that im able to control it and take care of myself like u have . Thankyou for doing this video as it has opened my eyes a lot and has mad me realize that i cant keep compareing myself to others and that its all about determination and motivation. Thankyou soooo such. Love u loads																																			Gabbie	 you are perfect. I love you so very much and you put a smile on my face every single day. You are such an amazing person and you are truly an inspiration. Always remember to smile__ I love you	 Gabs____																																		i cried a little bit :I																																				hey gab	 you are perfect! I just want you to know that we love you and we will always support you																																			You inspire so many of your fellow fans __ including me __																																				My mom always compares me to other people																																				You aren't fat. Only your butt and ...right. But your so pretty____																																				Thank you for this video you have thought me a lot of things I need to know and for me to be ok with how I look I am not shore if you can see this but from the beginning I always thought you where so pretty and I have always wished I could be your size because you are beautiful.sorry if this is rambling but I didn't know how to say this.																																				Hi	 I just wanted to say that you're beautiful																																			You said that you told your friends you thought you had an eating disorders. They said they already knew. I recently told my best friend I thought I had anxiety and she said she already knew I had anxiety.																																				I don't have an eating disorder but I'm so insecure about my weight it's insane. I can't stop thinking about how fat I look and how I need to loose weight. I do still feel insecure but this video did help me a lot. Thank you so much gabbie xx																																				Never really followed your channels and I don't do like, Vine and all that stuff... but good for you, Gabbie, for admitting this and talking about it in such a public form. Take care of yourself. I have a crazy comfort eating problem and I am trying to beat it... it's a complete nightmare that I've dealt with for about five years now thanks to chronic, untreated depression and anxiety (it's under control now, though). I'm sure every day for the rest of your life it's going to be a fight but that's what it is to be human and from what I can see you are an amazing one and can overcome this. I hope you can ignore the haters and ass holes in the comments who are invariably going to be dicks to you despite your struggles. Good luck and much love!																																				Gabby you made me cry!!! I've always looked at you as an inspiration	 and I've always thought you were absolutely beautiful!																																			Everybody's got their demons Gabby.																																				I THINK YOU ARE STUNNING	 BEAUTIFUL	 UNIQUE	 PRETTY	 SEXY	 GORGEOUS AND WONDERFUL																															"She AINT fat bruh, She Just a Lil Thick (-;"																																				this does help a lot. I will go 3-5 days with out eating and when I do it's very very small amounts. but when I eat I either get sick or have a panic attack because I'm scared I'll gain more and more weight	 so I will go days woth out eating but its all becaude of my anxiety and depression																																			this video really hit home it's nice to know I'm not the only one. I binge eat all the time and I'm still fighting with it I have only eaten once today and right now I can't sleep because my stomach is burning but since it's 1 in the morning I don't want to eat because it's too late/ early. if a scale is near me like now since I live with my great gma I weigh myself 3 times a day or more and I make myself depressed and not want to eat. I have started to make myself throw up because on the days I do eat 3 meals I feel like I have eaten too much so I try to fix that. I weigh 210 pounds even tho my friends say I don't look it I always feel disgusted about my weight but as Gabbie I was always told I was fat....even by family members and that has never left my mind..... I have tried to fix this myself and make myself better but the demons always win. please don't judge me if you read this I just needed to get it out.																																				Gabbie it really does suck that you suffered from bulimia. I too suffered from an eating disorder called anorexia. I hope you are doing a very great job today!____																																				I completely understand not feeling confident in your own skin I was in my late teens and I weighed 365lb at my highest and I was going to the gym with my college roommate daily and was not losing any thing that way and so I gave up and just cut down on my calories (to 2000 a day) walked 5-8 miles a day (most of the time not even realizing I walked that far) and I lost 60lbs before the end of my second semester of college I realized extremely quickly to ignore the people that were making me feel down and I've learned to feel comfortable in my own skin																																				Hi gabble I am a huge fan but not a stalker																																				Oh my gosh Gabbie this hit me so hard omg Its so true and I realized with the comparing thing with the woman at the pool that youre a goal to somebody else. Thank you	 Gabbie__																																			"For years I thought I had a great body because I didn't eat much... But one day while I was at school swimming lessons a boy I my class said from behind me, ""You are way too skinny, I can see your spine and ribs."" I was scared. I realized I didn't have a good body. So I started eating more, and I gained enough wait so now I'm average weight. And I couldn't be happier."																																				"i have an eating disorder, but its not very normal, i eat but the kinds of food i eat is not healthy. I dont eat any vegetables, i mean thats normal for some people but i also dont know what pizza tastes like. My whole life people have been telling me ""just eat its not that hard"" but they dont understand that my mind is telling me no. and everywhere i go,it ends up being a conversation. My family gets so frustrated with me for it and idk what to do about it because i cant do it but at the same time i dont want to make them stressed..."																																				I loved this video please make one that tells more of your story you are really inspiring and it is great that you realized your self for the beautiful person you are																																				Very inspirational gabbie __																																				you helped me so much																																				Love u gabbie __																																				Awww gabbie I love you so much __ your so adorable and slim thick ________________ my absolute inspiration __																																				I'm so proud of you Gabriel. you are Beautiful and So amazing. This video had definitely impacted me for the better																																				Gabbie I love you so much. I'm not in any way skinny. I'm actually over wait but I used to hate my self sometimes because I was always told I was fat. You are beautiful I have always thought you were beautiful and skinny. I'm okay with who I am. I don't care what most people think. And I just want you to know that I love you and you are beautiful.______________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________																																				Omgosh. Gabbie I had the same problem as you. Here I am thinking g I was the only one that couldn't swallow food and then I watched this video and I realized that I am not alone. Btw you are gorgeous and I hope I can meet you one day. Love you Gabbie you're the best.																																				When viners become YouTubers @meganmcarthy																																				omg this is so touching																																				I personally think this is so damn stupid. Don't get me wrong	 I love Gabbie and her doing this (And being able to) is awesome but it does not change my view. I mean	 there are people in the world who are fat but look at Gabbie! She is so damn skinny! I can not name a single person I know (not very social so not a whole lot) fat and they are all skinny calling themselves fat. I myself and probably so damn fat that I will die at 30. Yes	 before you ask I do have eating disorders along with depression and dealing with self harm and suicide attempts. I still cut and as of right now I have not eaten something in five days and you know what? I am so damn fucking proud of myself. I feel proud of myself in feeling water fill the empty spaces of my stomach. I skip breakfast and lunch and then always tell my friends and parents that I ateÊa huge lunch and really late so I very rarely eat dinner as well. I can no remember the last time I have drank something other than water. I have no friends. I have a disorder that will make it so I can not speak or walk most likely when I am older. I exercise myself to the point of being forced to stop. What I am trying to say is that there are people in the world who are not pretty	 who are fat and who are out of place. No	 I am not saying you are when you can probably find good stuff in yourself. I am saying there are people who do not belong.																															the people who tell u your fat tell them is ur fault because u make me feel bad and can't do anything______																																				"I don't know if you'll see this, but i want to say thank you. Ive been aware of my ""need to be skinny"" mentality and my comparing to others for a long time now. I've watched so many body positivity videos and read articles but none really spoke to me. Yours did. I cried actually. how you told your story wasn't how the others were told. Your message spoke to me in a different way and it opened my eyes a bit more to what I'm dealing with. I don't usually comment on videos but i thought you should know that yours was really inspiring and eye opening. Thank you again and i wish you the best of luck!!!!!"																																				If you don't mind sharing	 I would love to hear more in depth about the story of your eating disorders. (Since you put the caption on the bottom) Obviously only if you feel comfortable with it. But I applaud you for sharing this!! Thank you ______																																			One time I didn't eat for five days cuz I was really stressed out																																				You're literally my hero.																																				thank you!!! this video describes what I've gone through for 14/15 years of my life!! finally i'm not alone and people understand!! so thank you Gabby for making this video it means a lot to me!!!																																				Omg sorry to break the serious mood but I thought you ate actual goldfish	 like the animal	 bc we don't have those snacks over here																																		AWWWWW Gabbie I love you soooo much!!! I love this serious videos! thank you for taking the courage to share this with us!!! We all love you																																				I've never felt this overwhelmed with emotion	 from a youtube video. This was beautiful	 and I feel like it's broken down a wall in my life. Thank you for that. You're so fucking great.																																		I trying to gain weight. I am feeling very uncomfortable with my body. I don't eat much and that is because I am struggling with the motivation to do something. Even to eat. Somedays I even see my rips. I feel way to skinny. But I don't know how to change that, because everyone is just telling you how to eat healthier and losing weight. That is very frustating.																																				i feel like i finally found a person i can relate to	almost my entire life i had been bullied being told i was fat	ugly	poor	not good enough and compared to others.i had also gone through a lot of things that no one should go through that caused me to have anxiety and depression but i only realized i had depression when i was at my lowest point i had trouble getting out of bed in the morning i had to stay home from school cause i got no sleep and had multiple anxiety attacks the night before and people judged me because they had no idea what i was going through	it only made me more hurt to see people talking about me behind my back	i told my friend what was going on and she helped me a lot im very thankful for that.thank you Gabbie for giving me and others an inspiration you are truly a beautiful person inside and out <3																														"i have an eating disorder like this. when people ask ""why are you fat?"" and I answer I dont eat enough they laugh and say im lying. my body image has gotten so bad that i wont even go to the mall with my friends because i cry when i try on clothes"																																				I'm 15 and I always feel fat because my friends.don't have disorders but they all struggle gaining weight and I gain weight like crazy so I always try and lose weight and I feel it's very unhealthy. gabby you are.so.inspiring and I love you.																																				ITS ALL DAVIDS FAULT__																																				Thank You So Much__																																				Why do you think your fat I love you so much and you have always made me happy and after this video it has changed me I always thought that way and felt bad for my self and it makes me happy that some people look at me as there goal I never that you were fat																																				____ everything I needed to hear																																				I ____ __p____i__ ___ __xi_ty I __w_y_ ____ _ik_ pp_ ___ t__g_ti_g __ __yi_g I'_ ug_y _tupi_ w__t_____ u_t____t__ w_i_p__i_g ___ut __ __ki_g _u____ ___ut __ BC t__y __ t__y __y t____ t_i_g_ ___ t__ ti__ _t _c____ _y ___i_y __y_ t____ t_i_g_ ___ut __ _ut _y ___i_y t___t __c_ _t___ wit_ __ppi____ ___ ___p_ct w_i__ t__y t___t __ _ik_ I'_ t____ _____ __yi_g t__y __t_ __ t__t I'_ _tupi_ ___ w___ I'_ _t _t____ pp_ ___k _t __ ___ w_i_p__ I ___'t k__w i_ it_ ___ut __ __ __t _ut it ___y ____ _u_t __ w___ pp_ __ t__t ___ I __ _uc_ _ picky __t__ I ___u__ t_ __t __t_ __ t_i_g_ ___ I __t_ __ki_g pp_ ____ ___ BC I ___'t t___ t_ ____ t__ w_y I __ BC __ ___ ___u__ ____ t_ ____ t_i_ w_y pp_ ____ t_ _t_p ___ t_i_k ___ut ____y ___ t_i_g t__y __i_ BC it c_u__ _ctu___y ___ _______'_ _i__ I ____ k_pt _y____ ____ cutti_g ___ __ t_yi_g t_ _t_y _t___g __ t__ ____ i_ ____t_i_g ___ i_ g_i_g __ y_u_ _i__ t___ _______ t__t y_u t_u_t ___ i_ t__y __ug_ __ __k_ _u_ __ y_u ___ it t__y ___'t _______ y_u_ _____ty	 BC y_u ___ _ ___uti_u_ ___zi_g _u___ __i_g y_u_ t____t__ ____t _u__y ___ _u_t __ ___zi_g ___ __ NOT __t __y___ t___ y_u _t___ wi__ ____ w__ y_u ___________																																			Aww I'm so happy ab ur progress keep up the good work!																																				ok so when I was younger there were chromosome problems in my body and we didn't understand why. I found out at age 9 I have the bones of a 13 year old. (random fact) lately I thought why don't I stay clear of food. I don't know how many calories I take in. my mom gets on to me when she finds me eating a small bag of chips bc she thinks I have been eating all day. when really that's my first thing that day. I also thought of dehydration but I couldn't do that. every single day of my life I am loved but every single day of my life I feel hated. kids called me fat ever since I was 4. all my friends are extremely skinny and tall so I look like donut next time them. recently God has been helping in my life to stop some other things. I don't cut I don't think suicidal. but I still have a eating disorder. so for those out there pls wait some one will be there to love you and help you. right now my closest friend told me that he saw a vision sent from God of my future. he couldn't stop smiling and he said just wait and see.																																				love you too																																				gabbie i love you (not in that way) You are a very great role model keep up what you do																																				Oh my god. OH MY GOD																																				Tbh I have never seen Gabby as a fat person until she bright it up on the video																																				It's okay keep going we love you______																																				This is so inspiring! I love Gabbie	 you are an amazing person!																																			si hablara en espaol seria mucho mejor																																				OMG! just bc some1 is fat (Which you aren't Gabs) doesn't mean u should tell them. I you shouldn't lie to them either but saying a person is fat is pretty rude. unless they know and they want you to tell them that then go ahead who am I to judge																																				I'm from Germany and You are just Wow! I really really like You __																																				im crying right now																																				you're an inspiration. i've never connected with somebody as much as i do you. i hope we can meet one day because you say and think everything i do <3																																				"wow Gabbie watching your video kinda made me realize that maybe i need to take care of myself more. I've struggled a lot with my weight and eating but i never realized that maybe it was an eating disorder, and i'm not saying it is; cause it could not be who knows; but i know now that's something i should watch for...so thank you."																																				I have had the same problem for about 4 years	 I'm only 13 yet I weigh 71.7 kg	 no matter how hard I try I can't loose the weight	 I dont want to eat but I'm forced to by my parents	 I am told I'm not fat then one day my parents just snapped and told me I was and I have been labeled the 'fat friend' since	 even though my friends say I'm not fat I know I am	 I have been to countless people ( dietitian	 excessive physiologist + ) and nothing's worked	 I do push myself	 I do try	 I do reduce portions and bearly eat any sweets but nothing works. This video really inspired me	 Thankyou Gabbie you are changing this world one video at a time xx ily __																									I love you Gabbie I hope you're healthy and happy now__																																				I love you. This has helped more than you can think.																																				Be honest: am I fat for my age: I'm 11 and I weigh 97																																				This is very similar to my experience. Lately	 I'm starting to love myself and accept fitness progress slowly as I'm able to fit in true advances in my physical health as I work through all the things that mentally plague me	 after struggling with eating disorders for half of my life. I really idolize you	 Gabbie	 for the way you are so honest in pursuing your journey and sharing yourself with the world. You are so strong and accomplished and can do anything you set your mind to! I'm very proud that I'm starting to see the same opportunities for myself as well :)																																Gabby black guys like you.																																				"Gabbie, this means a lot because my sister has a eating disorder and I'm going to show this to her and this might change her perspective... Also you're not fat and never was don't listen to anyone who says you are. I met you before in Columbus Ohio and all I could think was ""wow I want to be her"" you're perfect and I wish I was you I love you gabbie __"																																				i love you gab you're beautiful never forget that.																																				omg this is so inspirational I've watched this like 10																																				So she starved herself?																																				Thank you for this video__ Honestly made me cry. Love you__																																				Hope ya get better																																				Hey there... We have the same name																																				"thank you for making this video it really hit me hard, I use to not eat lunch for a whole year. when I was in 8 grade not once, and my family wouldn't know. because to them I was considered ""fat"". my dad would always call me that in the way he was trying to look out for me but it really hurt me, so I started not to eat. and I got ""skinny"". but, now going into 10 grade and becoming 15 years old. I can say I love my body and accept it's jot perfect but, it's perfect for me. and thank you gabby for making this video and sharing your story"																																				"This is honestly so amazing to hear that you are working so hard to be healthier in your eating habits! Ever since I really started watching your channel, I've been interested in a ""draw my life"" type of thing, just because I'm genuinely intrigued by your personality and I'm sure plenty of people will want that as well. I can relate with a few of the things in this video, as I struggle with how others see me and how I project myself, but I know that who I am is nothing to be ashamed of (as you said also). Love you Gabs, keep doing you <3"																																				I want you to get more deapth																																				More in depth video Gabbie pleaseeee! It would help so many people ______																																				AHHHHH I LUV DE SONNGGGGGG and i luve u to gabbie																																				Hey gabble I love you and you are amazing I love this video...tbh I've really never told anyone this before but I think about how I look constantly and no for any of you who think just girls can not be confident with theirselves..even though I don't try to do anything I always see this ugly and fat human being staring back at me in the mirror. I'm always thinking about how I could do this to build muscle or do this to lose weight but when I do I get anxiety for no reason and eat my weight in food. I hate that I do this but I eat nonstop. I can't stop myself cause it feels like i'm starving when I think about losing weight or gaining some muscle. I'm not really sure what any of this means or anything but I just wanted to share my story to tell you gabby that I love you and I know what you're going through but instead of never eating I always eat lol																																				God	 you are Queen. I also have an eating disorder and it's horrible. I'll end up eating a giant thing of cake and then I'll go for at least a day without eating anything. For dinner today I drank water because yesterday I ate a lot of crackers. You have honestly inspired me. I'm fat.																																			Tbh I actually never saw Gabbie as a fat person.																																				This was a great and inspirational video Gabbie! I think that it takes courage to admit that you have a certain problem	 so I admire you for that! :D																																			I love you and you are perfect just the way you are																																				I'm thirteen. I got on a scale and saw my weight was 106 and I got scared	 and I almost cried. For those who don't know	 106 is about normal for my age and that SCARED ME. I thought I was fat and ugly for being over 100. I stopped eating calories and I always have anxiety about how much I eat in one day. Message: Don't be like me. Be comfortable in your self	 because once you go to my method of thinking about myself	 I don't know if you can go back...																																This is why I love Gabbie																																				this helped me so much! i would love to hear more ________																																				This made me cry. Wow	 this hit home. Love you so much gabbie.																																			You are absolutely gorgeous and you shouldn't need anyone to tell you that. Love yourself for who you are.																																				Thank you so much for sharing this. I've never actually had an eating disorder	 but I relate to so much of what you said. When i was 10 or 11 i started restricting my calorie intake	 exercising heavily	 spending every moment obsessing about my weight	 and after a year i had lost 10 pounds so i was about 86 pounds	 and my doctor told me i needed to gain weight. But i felt this weird pride in being so skinny. I knew i was under weight and i liked it. But people constantly told me i was too skinny	 and i had a perpetual fear of gaining weight. I remember crying myself to sleep at the thought of being 100 pounds	 which was stupid because that is the low normal for my height. I finally got to a place where I could stop worrying and eat what i wanted to eat and not cry when i went up a pound on the scale. It's really inspiring to know someone i look up to has gone through and survived the same kind of thing	 it gives me more hope. So thank you so much__																												Ugh I'd kill for you body! Don't forget some thin girls would love to be larger too! It's crazy how it goes both ways.																																				Am I the only one that loves that when she was telling this serious story she would laugh a little																																				I have used to have an eating disorder																																				Ur perfect the way u r don't worry about what others think ur perfect!!!!!! Skinny is fat fat is skinny u r perfect the way u r!!________																																				You should make a more in depth video!!																																				You are perfect just the way you are ________																																				You're beautiful																																				Thank you for this. Seriously _																																				This honestly makes me feel a lot better about myself. Everyone in mt school is really skinny and I've always wanted to wear a bikini in the summer and look like them with a flat stomach and look like there is not one ounce of fat on me. I've worked really hard with my best friend to try to get skinnier and only really cared about the number. I didn't care if I was getting healthier at the moment and only cared about the numbers. I lost ten pounds but within a week gained them all back. I was so mad at myself. One day I went to target and asked my mom if I could get a bikini and set that as my goal. I always had in my head you have to be skinny to wear a bikini. I went with my friend to the beach one day and I decided that I would wear the bikini just to see how I felt in it because the beach wasn't close to my house so I knew no one from school would see me. I don't remember exactly what I was talking about to my friend	 but it was somewhere along the lines of me still not thinking I was skinny enough. Her mom overheard me say this and called over saying that I was skinny enough and I didn't need to change at all. I was always called fat and when I heard for the first time someone call me skinny really made me happy. Now watching this video I'm going to try better	 not try better at getting skinny	 but try better at getting healthy. Thank you	 Gabbie	 for making this video! I'm going to try extra hard to get healthier!																															It's not exactly a eating disorder but I used to be obsessed with fattening myself up because I was so skinny then people called me no tits and stick legs and stuff and i got so fed up so I just ate and ate even if I was full I threw up most of the time and it made me mad because it made me skinny I'm a normal size now but I still look at myself and say i need to be fatter but I know I can't make myself sick again it's not exactly an eating disorder (I'm not sure) but it was still a big part of my life stay strong gabbie ____																																				Wow gabbie you spoke to I thought that I was the fatest beacause everyone was so skinny I just now realized that I'm perfect no matter how big I am .I was made to be like this so I will be like this.																																				____________																																				Awwh! Gabbiiie! This was so inspirational and sweet. Its kind of comforting to know I'm not the only one struggling.																																				Gabbie	 I'm going through/feeling the same way! If you could talk more about it that would help me and some other people I know out a lot!																																			I love you so much Gab	 you're such an inspiration to me and the fact that you're sharing your journey on here portrays you as the strong and badass woman you are. Thanks for being someone to look up to and thanks for always brightening my day. You deserve the best	 remember that __																																		Gabbie you are my hero basically because I felt so weird about being in public and now I could care less what people think about me!! Just keep loving who you are and please don't ever change!! You are one of my favorite people in the world! Please don't worry																																				this is so inspiring gabs ilysm_____																																				Does anyone know why she went to therapy																																				I love you Gabbie	 you're gorgeous. :)																																			You are beautiful from the inside out! Please don't ever stop doing what you do! Your videos bring me so much happiness!!																																				*eats cheez-its																																				Please do a more in depth video __																																				Oh my god Gabbie I've been dealing with the same eating disorder of not swallowing for months now!!! I can relate so much of worrying about food and if I could eat it. At one point I lost so much weight sending me to the hospital. I'm so happy I can relate to you																																				I love Gabbys insights.____																																				Did she say she ate some goldfish??																																				We love you Gab!!! You are so inspiring and Im so glad we can all have a strong role model like you ____																																				Ok, here's my story. Ever since I was a very small kid I was considered normal sized, then I would gain some weight and get a belly, then I would grow (because I was a kid) and be normal sized again, this had been going on for a while so when I was about 12 I thought, why don't I just eat less, that ended up with me not eating for days, then eating something like 1/4 of a sandwich and starving again. It got to the point where my ribs were very noticeable, I had no energy what so ever, and my stomach hurt so much from not eating for days, when I did try to eat I felt disgusted and I could swallow, I was terrified of anyone noticing how unhealthy I was and it took all my strength, but I forced myself to eat. For a while (now around 13) I was considered skinny, then normal, and back to skinny since I kept growing. When I was about to reach 14 I just gained wait, I was no longer skinny, I had a big belly, but since my uniform had many layers I could hide some of it, I hated myself....																																				Hey Gabbie you and your videos inspire me so much.Love you! Your perfect just the way you are.																																				After all this ppl still comment negativity and dislike the video__ Anyway gabbie you are really inspiring and DONUT stop what you're doing________																																				You are AWESOME u helped and are helping so many people thanks I love your videos and just think your amazing! So thank YOUUUUU!Á!Á!Á!Á!Á!Á!____________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________ your just such and musing beautiful inspiring woman____ _________________________________ _________																																				You go girl!!!!! Bless you! Love your videos so much! Your so inspiring! __																																				Gabbie you are amazing and beautiful and don't let anyone tell you otherwise. You are such an inspiration to me and others and if someone thinks your fat they should probably pick up a burger and eat it asap because you are perfect just the way you are.																																				I am classified as morbidly obese and I feel it all the time too. After I had my first kid I went from 150 lbs to 250 lbs and I felt horrible but wasn't ready to truely do anything about it. After I had my second kid I was 263 lbs and avoided a mirror at all costs because I hated looking at myself and that's when I put my foot down and decided to lose weight and get healthy. In 6 months I studied and read everything on healthy living and I did it all and went from 263 lbs to 189 lbs. I wasn't close to where I wanted to be but I felt so much better. Then i got pregnant again 6 months later and though I kept eating right I sat on my butt too much and shot back up to 236 lbs. My second and third babies were both c-sections and with that and pregnancy in general i know I will never have a flat stomach because of the pregnancy pooch. I am obsessed about my weight and hate going out in public because of my body being fat and my fat rolls I can't hide. I try my best to lose weight but it's not working because I hit so many stalling points that I struggle to get past. I've never felt beautiful no matter how many people tell me	 I just don't believe it because I don't feel it. It's a constant struggle but that's my story.																																			Keep it up Gabbie!! I realized a few months ago that I've had a serious binge eating problem for many years. I still struggle but recognition is a great step. You're gorgeous and funny and a huge inspiration to many! __																																				"I literally cried this whole video. I used to weight over 80kg (around 170-180 pounds) and hated every piece of me. I tried to lose weight by not eating, binging and then vomiting. I would cry over my weight all the time and every time I looked in the mirror I would tell myself how ugly and disgusting I am... I finally got the point where I realised I need to change my life. I started eating healthy (NOT DIETING) and exercising. Now, I still do not think I have a nice body, but after loosing over 20kg (around 40-50 pounds) I feel much better since I have done it in (mainly) healthy way. I still obsess over what I eat and when I eat too much I will exercise like crazy, and still will starve myself ""FOR A CLEANSE"" for a day or so. I know it is not right and I am trying to not do that. My point is, even though I don't yet have a ""dream body"" and I am not fully comfortable in my skin, I try to tell myself that I already got so far, that even if I eat that piece of chocolate from time to time it is okay and there is no reason to hate on myself. SO TO ALL THE PEOPLE FIGHTING WITH EATING DISORDERS: IF YOU WANT TO CHANGE YOUR LIFE, YOU NEED TO CHANGE YOUR ATTITUDE FIRST. IF YOU REALLY WANT TO LOOSE WEIGHT, YOU CAN DO IT IN A HEALTHY WAY (trying to turn unhealthy fats and sugars like sodas and crisps, into healtier once like nuts and fruits) AND EVEN IF IT WILL TAKE YEARS, YOU WILL EVENTUALLY GET THERE. AND THE JOURNEY IS JUST AS IMPORTANT AND MEANINGFUL AS THE FINISH LINE. BUT NEVER DO SOMETHING BECAUSE OTHERS EXPECT YOU TO DO IT. IF YOU WANT TO DO IT - DO IT. IF YOU ARE HAPPY WITH YOURSELF, THEN STAY THE WAY YOU ARE."																																				I'm really really happy for you. Words from behind a computer screen can't even express how impressed and humbled I am that you were brave enough to upload this. This video is helping THOUSANDS of people	 and I hope it's helping you too. Thank you so much Gabbie. Keep kickin' ass																																			I wish I could afford a trainer and a therapist. Nice video for the most part. I hope you get better. I wish I could to.																																				Wow amazing Gabbie! Really proud of you	 you are absolutely perfect__																																			Nobody's dealing with your demons. Meaning maybe defeating them could be the beginning of your meaning, Friend. Thanks for this video Gabbs.																																				I love this video so much																																				this connects to me so much and posted on my birthday	 i love you gabbie ________																																			Omg this touched my soul because tbh that was me too Gabbie.																																				I'm inspired _																																				I'm so sorry Gabbie.																																				Been waiting for this video. I relate to every single word and I want a another video with more depth.																																				my mom has one																																				You are seriously the most beautiful person who has ever walked on this earth Gabbie. You have touched so many lives and that inspires me so much :') please know every single day that you are loved by millions. ilysm ______																																				Thank you so much for this! Hearing some of your story and what you've gone through has helped me realize that I do the same thing. I never had the eating disorder as serious as yours but I've definitely been in the situation where I constantly compared myself to others and wish I could act and look like others. This made me so happy to hear someone say some things that I've been thinking myself. You are a strong and amazing person and keep pushing to better yourself! Thank you for being you! I really hope you see this!																																				I would absolutely love to hear a more indepth story Gab <3																																				Gabbie	 you're beautiful. Your're not fat or ugly or any of those things. You're amazing __																																			Gabbie	 no matter how thin	 thick	 tall	 short	 you are beautiful no matter what you or other people think. You are not fat or unhealthy	 you are an intelligent	 beautiful	 young	 amazing and especially the most inspiring person on youtube! You have a family of fans	 friends and your relatives that love you who and how you are. STOP DOUBTING YOURSELF!! The people in your life and you are amazing!!! I wouldn't be me here today if it weren't for you! I am definitely a bit larger than ALL of my friends	 and I always feel confused on how they are the way they are	 until I found you. All of the other youtubers with thigh gaps and size 2 waists	 they are NOT my goal! My goal is yours	 you can pull off any outfit at anytime anywhere. Thank you for being the most inspirational person I have ever seen! I LOVE YOU GABBIE!!__________																						You inspire me Gabbie____																																				Gabbie you are amazing the way u are u look so good I wish I my body was like you I'm overweight and I'm 12 and I weigh more then every girl in my class and I just feel bad about my stomach but I shouldn't be because no one is perfect																																				<3																																				the thing is she was never fat	 just thick her thighs are thick af & maybe thats why morons call her fat	 but bitch you aint fat.																																		This video... I'm crying so hard omf																																				I used to have an eating disorder. I was unhealthy skinny and couldn't swallow any foods and I could hardly swallow drinks. I was on a liquid diet for about a whole year until my parents started making me eat soft foods	 and gradually got better.																																			Please do a video about how you got over cravings. I have a horrible sugar addiction and its blocking me from living a healthy life and i hate my body and im scared for my health																																				"""It's not about losing weight, It's about gaining confidence."" - The Gabbie Show love it!"																																				I love you																																				Awww gabbie we all love you and you look amazing. Don't obsess over weight	 be happy and as colleen would say choose happiness. You're perfect I love you so much.																																			I dont have an eating disorder, but I have extremely mixed feelings about my body. Sometimes I feel fat, and think I look fat, but I know I'm a little underweight (and I eat tons). But I'm trying to train my brain and tell myself that I am average, and I just cant gain weight, and for me, that's healthy. Whenever I go to the doctor for a physical, they always say I am perfectly healthy, and I need to listen to it and tells myself it all the time.																																				I was unaffected by this video up until you talked about the comparison thing. because I often hate my curvier hips when I compare to people I see that wear cute little things without making it look trashy (the way that I'd look in those clothes). but sometimes people tell me that they wish they had a body like mine and I always think they're lying. But I guess it's just perspective	 we were never made perfect but we can try to be the best we can be																																			Gab. You are an inspiration. Sending lots of love and support to your fabulous self! Xo																																				"""it's not about loosing weight it's about gaining confidence"" new life motto"																																				"I have been fat my entire life an bullied by eveyrone because of it. All my friends were so skinny and always said i should work out and stuff. Thats not what i did. I stopped eating. I lost so much wait and people thought i was a skeleton after a few years of taking a bite of an apple every week. I met this guy. He was gay and told me that i was going to die. He told me the story of his mom who was left by their dad because he beleived she was too fat. So in turn his mom wouldnt eat anything and feed all of her food to him. He started crying and balling and i had to calm him down and he said these words, the words that changed everything ""You see? You see what this does to people? I couldnt live without you and i wouldve killed myself by now if it wasnt for you. If you die this is what you will do to people. Is hurting the people around you and yourself really worth the likes on Instagram?"" I decided to change. Me and him ran on the track everyday and dieted to build muscle and stay fit rather than becoming thin as a stick. The happiest day of my life happened the day i reached my weight goal of 180 pounds and finished 500 push ups without stopping. I went to the supermarket to get my protein bars (as always) and this little girl who was just like me, a little bit chubbier as a kid just burst out balling as she looked at me. I asked her what was wrong and she said ""I wish that someday i will be as pretty as you!"" I got down on the floor and said ""I want you to exersise every day, and eat healthy."" And she replied with ""That wont work ive tried!"" (here comes the most cheesy and insperational thing i have said in my entire life) ""That may not work because you were missing one element. To remember you are the most beautiful and gorgeous person ever. And if you try to stop eating or harm yourself that you wont just hurt you but everyone else. You be you because someday somebody will love you for you and i bet that tons of people do now."" And she said ""Then I can be as pretty as you?"" I no joke started balling with her. Thank you lord for beautiful momments like these :)"																																				It must suck that David makes fun of you for it even if it is pretend__																																				Gabbie I have anorexic I stay in a clinic in the day and come back to my home at night I watch you at night and you make me get a few pounds each month I just wanna say thank you so much I now will give anything to make you feel happy I almost died so thank you Shane and other youtubers like you make me feel good inside and give me a laugh when I need one and I admire you and others so much - a 10 year old fan xoxo																																				"I have body dysmorphia, anxiety, and I'm ""anorexic"". It sucks. I see fat upon fat upon fat. I'm not pretty. I'm so so so fucking ugly. I have small breasts, no butt, big forehead, acne face. And I'm scared. I'm scared I will not live up to the age of 25. I feel like a mistake. I feel unwanted and useless. I cut my arms, legs, stomach, and feel so bad. But I'm one year clean. Yay me."																																				Wow I'm so impressed that you had the courage to share this!!! Your struggles are very relatable and it made me feel a lot better to hear that someone else has went through some of the same things as I have.																																				Don't worry gab I'm anorexic and I'm 11 I need to stop but I can't																																				please make an more in dept video Ur rally inspiring______																																				this really helped me alot thanks gabbie																																				I don't understand why people care what they look like you are who you are and it mater's what you think not other people																																				hey gabbie . since u'r intreste in pokemons and all .. did u try the new pokemon app .. it's a game and it called pokemon go .. if u do . tell us what u think of it . hope u take my comment seriously .bye																																				ur just thick not fat																																				Me af																																				Gabbie you are an inspiration to many younger kids and even	 elder than you. You have defiantly inspired me since I started watching your vines. I have struggled with the way I looked at myself	 I didn't like my body. Many people told me I was crazy	 that I'm very skinny. Since then	 I've tried working on myself and my confidence	 and honestly focusing on yourself	 a healthy diet routine	 and working out is probably the best way to begin a healthier lifestyle. Sometimes I still don't feel pretty	 but compliments people have told me still comfort me. I don't need compliments	 I've built my confidence pretty strongly. I have even had younger girls look up to me. It is so heartwarming! Thank you so much Gabbie for all of your hard work! Love you so much																											This is very brave and I'm sure this helped someone a lot__																																				Is it bad that I got hungry after watching this.....																																				you are beautiful																																				I have Hypo Thyroid. It's where the thyroid gland has abnormally low activity and does not create enough of a thyroid hormone called thyroxine. The thyroid controls LITERALLY EVERY system in your body. Including but not limited to: respiratory	 circulatory	 digestive/metabolism reproductive	 ect. One of my symptoms is that it's HARD to loose weight but EASY to gain. With medication	 it's manageable. My problem is that I do not have the money to continuously go to the doctor and get blood work done to find the right dosage for me.																																"Your body is my goal body. No joke. I have friends that a really skinny telling me the same stuff you're saying in this video. Even my sister (the person I've always wanted to be). And my response had always been.. ""It's one thing to think you're fat but it's a whole different ball game to know your fat! I'd rather have your problem."" I never fully understood the problem y'all have. Now, I've come to a point in my life that I realize that I have a physical condition. But for y'all's side, it's a mental condition. For me, I can get medication (read my next comment to understand) and loose the weight. Then I'd feel better. But with y'all, it doesn't matter how skinny you are or how much weight lost, it'll never be enough. I'm truly sorry for the struggle you go through each and every day. I've become comfortable in my skin. Obviously, I'd love to be skinny but I no longer harp on it or let it cripple my life. I'm out going and confident to where when people bash me, I don't care."																																				I seriously wanna give anyone with an eating disorder a huge hug right now																																				Gabby i don't know how to thank you! you really made me realize something! And helped me!																																				She literally made me cry... because she showed me that.. its okay.. and everything will be okay.. someday.. WE LOVE YOU GABBIE! <3																																				"so the thing with me is, i dont get called ""too fat"". i get called ""too skinny"". every single day of my life i have to hear everyone, even my best friends, call me a 'stick, twig, etc' i even have boys rejecting me because im ""not curvy enough"" or ""doesn't have ass/boobs."" you might be thinking, ""oh, well thats a normal thing to happen to someone."" it isn't when you hear it from your friends, bullies, parents, every single day. i hope theres someone out there that can leave something positive for me and/or others to read under this comment to brighten my/their day. stay strong everyone. and gabby too. <3 :)"																																				YOU AREN'T FAT! You just have great tits																																				Gaby wtf your so hot. why would you think your fat? your awsome																																				I was so scared to wear a bikini bc I weighed 125 at the age of 12.																																				I think every one can learn something from this video.																																				I love u gabbie ur beautiful fat	 thin ur beautiful																																			#purpleheartsforgabbie ______________________________________________________________																																				Awww this acctually helped																																				your always going to get hate but just know you have so many fans who all love you for you I hate my body to and I am fighting depression and im only 12																																				the people that disliked this video are as*holes																																				I want ur body u r my goal																																				More depth please																																				I'm really surprised that she didn't know she was getting skinnier. If you look at some of the earlier videos that she has made	 you'll notice she weighed a bit more	 but she was still goals for me	 and she looks great now. (____Love you Gabs________)																																	Am I fat for my age? I'm 12 and I weigh like 108 pounds																																				Gabbie ur gorgeous																																				I love u so much Gabbie I love all of your storytime videos their my favourite																																				I HATE HOW U THINK UR A BIGGER PERSON U ARE BEAUTIFUL HOW YOU ARE I LOVE U HOW U ARE																																				Gabbie thank you you helped me so much __																																				Thank you for making this																																				Gabbie. I don't know what you're going through with your eating disorder...because I don't struggle with this. But I would just like to say that you are one of the most inspiring YouTubers ever. You are beautiful. You are funny. You have a beautiful body. I cant even make a list	 because I really do love you so much that is would take all day. I also struggle with thinking i am fat	 but after watching this video...I feel like I might change how I see myself. Thank you for inspiring me and for making me feel better about myself. Thank you again	 Gabbie.																																	Your cute																																				Gabbie u inspire me so much__																																				gabbie is trash I hope u choke on your food and die																																				"even though I'm kind of late on this video; I remember when you tweeted about this. and I remember the exact same time and place I was when this happened. you probably don't remember this, but I sent you an email on how your tweet changed my perspective on myself and it still does to this damn day! I loved this video. probably one of my favorite videos of all time! keep doing what you're doing gab, cause you're doing a damn good job at it"																																				Gabbie u just described my life																																				Gabbie are beautiful there is nothing wrong with you	 well almost nothing (forget the bad joke)	 but anyways... You never need to listen to someone who tells you that you are fat or over weight or anything like that. I personally don't believe in the word perfect	 because how can there be perfection when everyone is different. So this goes to everyone: don't try to be perfect because no one is perfect	 the closest to perfection your gonna get is you.																																I've had my own family calling me fat and sometimes even little kids I just met..... When I was younger all I did was love to eat and never lost weight cause I didn't care..... Then middle school came and people are so skinny and I wanted that..... And I still do																																				I'm reading these awesome comments and listening to the outro music and literally crying ong																																				Thank you for this	 Gabbie. While I do not suffer from an eating disorder	 I am aware others are and I was going through some comments and saw that others are. I am so glad that you are able to tell your story and help out those who are still going through what you did.																																		the most inspiring video i have seen on youtube in a looong time. really helped																																				"Gabbie I have the same problems and im only 12, I cryed as soon as I saw this video. I'm crying right now writing this comment. So thanks even if you don't see this comment I just want to say thanks because I know that there are other people that have the same problem as me. And your not fat I don't know if you remeber but I tweeted at you and said ""@thegabbieshow Why and how are you sooo skinny"" and you liked it. so what I'm trying to say is uh well, you can tell welp ima go now byeee"																																				This really helped me I love you Gabbie ______																																				eating disorder?? No!! ur hot.																																				you have inspired me to be me thank you you're dutiful no mater what any one said																																				taylor	UR BEAUTIFUL Cabbie love u as friend or fan whatever lol____________																																			This was very bold and brave and truly very inspiring																																				Gabbie this is so inspiring. Just remember you are beautiful	 you are not alone and you have millions of people who love you. And God made your body the way he wanted	 because you are is beautiful child! and he loves you unconditionally	 we are alllll here for you Gabbie! we all love you																																	"This should be the new ""just do it"" video"																																				I'm almost 13 and I only weigh 96																																				You go Gabb																																				It's so nice to know that someone finally understands the struggle of a disguised eating disorder. Just because your bones aren't showing doesn't mean you aren't fighting one. I've had an on going struggle with this kind of shit and knowing someone else finally understands is amazing. Thank you Gabbie <3																																				This video literary Made me cry your beautiful it doesn't matter if your fat or skinny everyone's beautiful in there own way and I'm so sorry you went through this I couldn't image it and Im so happy you fought through it love you __																																				This really touched my heart. Thank you gabbie__																																				Gabby you are amazing and beautiful! Such an inspiration. Seeing someone be so vulnerable makes it easier to connect with them. So what if not all your videos are funny	 you are a real person with real issues just like the rest of us! Thank you for sharing! Someone like me who has struggled and is still struggling with weight needs to know there are people who have the same issues and that we are not alone. Love you girl!! Keep doing you and being the awesome person you are!! ____________																																			300 People Liked this video upside down																																				I'm glad you posted this because its really something that a lot of people with eating disorders need to hear- whether they like it or not. I've been struggling with anorexia for 3-4 years now and I'm still having problems to get myself to eat a good amount of food every day. Its a long and hard process to build confidence and yet it seems it can be tore down so easily. I'm glad that you're battling your inner demons a better way now <3																																				I'm still going through this and I have no idea how to get out of it...																																				Gabby my best friend ally mrozecks dad owns mrozeck financial and her older brother seem u walk into the therapy room there so I knew that u needed therapy but I didn't know what for but now I know- bless you																																				You all are beautyful! __																																				L																																				Gabbie is goals	 she's gorgeous	 she's so funny	 she's everything	 I don't know why she doesn't think that of herself. Her body is goals	 her life is goals. I just look up to you Gabbie and to see you talk about this just makes me look even more up at you.																															OMG. I am ANGRY. Who in their right mind would call Gabbie FAT?! Shes beautiful! She has a body that I wish I had. Idek why someone would do dat. 																																				I fucking love you so much gabbie you're so beautiful & tbh I never thought you were fat	 notice me senpai!!																																			honestly one of my favorite videos of yours. thanks for sharing such a private piece of your life.																																				Aww gabbie I love you so much ____																																				you are so beautiful gabbie																																				Gabbie you're my favourite Youtuber. And I am so happy you realised you can use your fanbase to spread positive messages across	 we really need more Youtubers like you. x																																			Hi Gabbie! I just wanted to say ty for making this video and making me and many others feel like they have a voice. Everyday I constantly compare myself to everyone else... Watching this video rly helped me have more self confidence. So thank u so much! __																																				"Thank you so much Gabbie, I really needed this. I've always struggled with self-acceptance. As I was watching this, I realized why I even thought I was fat in the first place. Unlike you, I've never been called fat in my life, my friends even consider me ""the skinny one"". But I realized that no one has ever called me fat, or given me a reason why I think that. I'm the only one who thinks that. I'm the reason why I call myself fat. I'm my own worst enemy."																																				it helped me so much!!!____																																				honestly you remind me of me. people see you as ecstatic	 happy and animated but they dont know how hard you've been struggling and i couldn't relate to anyone more. you just reminded me of how far i've come and damn did i need that. thank you and i love you gab __																																			U go Gab __________																																				It helped me gabbie																																				gabbie dyed a part of her hair red. i love it!																																				you are wonderful!																																				You are amazing - completely understand the struggle	 I've just started seeing someone recently about it after my life hit rock bottom... I understand how tough it can be... I've have 5/6 sessions and still haven't been able to walk out feeling like I've said what I needed too being a closed off person. But you are a beautiful person! I watch your videos always	 You deserve all the happiness and you should be proud of who you are xx																																		Very Inspiring__ Thanks Gabby.																																				Some of the things that happened to her relate or are things I do today... I've been having weird problems with food lately and obsessing on wanting to be skinnier. I've had a problem that connects with food about my weight	 I lost like 10 lbs in a month then a week later gained 4	 it's been a problem for probably around 2-4 months I'm not sure	 should I contact a doctor? I feel like the answer is going to be yes but might as well get some opinions	 any encouraging words? I may need them at this or some point in time __																																You are amazing gabbie. you are an inspiration in many ways to me. You have shown that flaws are the best part of a person. because of you I had opened my range of expectations for myself and I have found to love myself a lot more.																																				Lemme tell you something Gab. The first video I ever saw of yours was I think a colab with Tana. And I saw you and I was just so breath taken by how gorgeous you were. You're absolutely amazing my love	 you're so brave and strong	 and I'm so proud of you. Stay perfect <3																																		Can you please make a more in depth video about your disorder Gabbie? This video has helped me realise things and I think it's helped so many others too. I love you so much and you're someone who really inspires me.																																				Gabbie. I don't know where to start. You have helped me through so so much. You are not fat	 you are absolutely gorgeous. I love you so much. Your videos are so inspirational	 you are so inspirational . Your videos always make me laugh when i'm sad (Which is all the time). I never want you to think you are anything less than amazing.																																		Ow. My heart.																																				i love the outro song so much	 have for years	 it means so much to me. thank you	 Gabbie	 for the motivation and support for those of us (us being human kind) who need it. ilysm__																																__________																																				I used to restrict myself to 0-200 calories a day until I almost passed out and threw up everywhere... I finally decided I needed help.																																				U r perfect gabbie and ur body is urs and u shouldn't let other ppl tell u other wise																																				With the girls that I know I and hang with I started to feel fat and I always compared myself to them and it hurt bc I always thought that wow ur just so fat I thought to myself and I eventually started to starve myself and when I did eat I only ate a little of this and little of that and I went to the doctor and he explained that I was very unhealthy bc I was getting less than four hundred calories a day and he told me that I needed to eat and I said no I have to look like my friends I have to fit in but then my mom told me u have to eat and I said that I have to be skinny and my mom said no I didn't but we left and I continued to starve myself until I really started to lose weight and my friend pointed it out one day when we were swimming and she said that she wished she could be my size and that's when I realized that I was being hurt and it was terrible bc I was outcasted for being too skinny and that's when I realized I don't need to change																																				AM I THE ONLY ONE THAT CRIED	 GABBIE I LOVE YOU	 YOU'RE MY ROLE MODEL	 AND ALWAYS WILL BE	 YOUR TRUE FANS LOVE YOU NO MATTER YOUR SIZE	 THATS ALL THAT MATTERS	 LOVE YOU																														It hit me so hard when you mentioned the calorie counting thing because the exact same thing is happening to me.. I was looking back on today thinking I had eaten so much and then I went onto my calorie counter to finish my log in for the night and I had only had 388 calories for the entire day __																																				Gabbie you're perfect. Although I've never had this problem	 it breaks my heart because all my step dad does to my sister is call her fat and she has a beautiful body like yours. I tell him to stop but he doesn't and he's just horrible to her and it actually brings me to tears. When my sister and I go shopping for clothes she looks at herself in swimsuits and shorts and dresses and shirts and all she sees is fat. I feel heart broken when I hear those things from my dad and my sister about her. Gab	 you're like my sister. You're strong	 beautiful	 powerful	 and you have a beautiful personality. Don't ever change.																															"Nobody should weigh themselves ever. Don't look at your suggested ""BMI"". Those stupid numbers on the scale do not define your health, your health is defined by your fitness, the nutrients and vitamins that you intake in your diet, and above all: your mental happiness and content. Weight does not mean anything, it's your muscle mass, water percentage, and fat percentage that you need to watch--keeping in mind that the number that your fat percentage is depends on any other health problems or risks that you may have. Your weight literally means nothing, you can be 5'9 and 200 pounds of full muscle and be the healthiest person ever who's ripped or you could be 6'1 and 120 pounds and lack a bunch of muscle and fat on your body to the point where it is unhealthy. You can be 5'10 and weigh 100 pounds and be told that you're ""so skinny"" and ""must be anorexic,"" but it reality if you simply have lean muscles but you still keep a healthy lifestyle and diet and your doctor says that you don't suffer from any health problems or risks, then to HELL with anyone who tells you otherwise. By all means please take care of your body and your physical health but do NOT NEGLECT your mental health and happiness. Numbers do not define who you are, ultimately it is your personality traits and decisions/actions that make you who you are. Keeping a healthy exercise regimen and diet are important and so is LOVING YOURSELF."																																				I literally have this but I eat too much instead of not enough and I can't gain any weight and this just made me realize that I have a problem																																				We all love you Gabbie. What song is that at the end?																																				I have struggled with self confidence and low self-esteem for a while now. I have spent countless hours telling my self I'm not good enough. I was so caught up in thinking about what other people think about me I didn't even care what I thought about myself. Myself and many other girls out there are worring so much about what we look like or if a guy likes us we don't even focus on being ourselves. I have been so worried about what other people think of me I'm not even myself anymore. I cried so much just hear that you even thought you weren't good enough	 because you are	 we all are. We all need to stop focusing on what other people think of us and just start being ourselves. Even if you don't see this I just what to say you are such an inspiration to me and you are the most perfect human on planet earth and thank you so much for helping my get through the rough times. Hang in there Gabbs.																																		My respect for you has grown a lot this week. As someone who has gone through their own struggles	 I definitely feel your pain. Just never stop being you because you never know what type of impact you can have on people! :)																																			I suffer through the same things as you did	 and crying everyday about how I am not good enough	 but you pick me up. you always have the best advice. thank you for stopping my tears. ILY GABBIE																																		Why isn't there a love button like on facebook? Please make a video with more details on this subject. I love this. Thank you __																																				I have an eating disorder too. I go days without eating. And then when I do I get sick and I go force myself to throw up. I have problems eating a lot of foods. I have been eating at least half a meal now everyday. I don't watch calories or anything I just don't want to eat	 I didn't have a reason to eat. I've been like this for many years now that I look back	 I think it started around 4th grade. In 4th grade I started obsessing about my weight and everything else because of bullies and my own sister had been calling me fat and stuff. That's also when my depression started	 and my anxiety got worse. I'm finally getting better but most days I still don't want to eat.																																	Gabbie your not fat u r beautiful! __																																				this might be offensive to gabbie but when people tell me to get in shape im lke wtf.... circle is a shape																																				Oops soory we have the same eating disorder																																				________																																				We should be eating disorder bros (but i have the opisite one i dont eat)______																																				Dear Gabbie 	 Thank you'd so much for this video ! I am only 11 and weigh... ALOT !!! But my doctor says I am perfectly healthy ... But then after watching this video I realized that I am just comparing my self to my friends and not very confident in my skin . I just lost my only family member I could truly tell anything to and since then I gained a lot of weight . I have tried to work out but since I am so young there is not a gym for me to go to and now I watch your videos and say stuff like I will never be skinny like Gabbie ! But my friends say I just have to stop eating so much ... But I have gone for four days without eating and it just doesn't get any better for me ... ______ But I still have you and my family ...																																			Gabbie	 you are so beautiful. The fact that anyone would say those vile things to you just makes my head hurt. I've been big most of my life	 and my self esteem issues are pretty bad	 but I'm trying to get better with it. Listening to this made me smile	 and nod in approval. Thank you. I love you	 and God bless you!																															I want the more in depth video	 I'd love that.																																			I've had the same thing. I did all that and finally about two years I had actually eaten solid food after four years of not eating any solid food.																																				every person that dislikes has a special place in hell																																				OMG GABBIE I LOVE YOU!! THIS HELPEDD ME SO MUCH__																																				You're so strong and amazing I LOVE YOU BAE																																				Gab I think your a beautiful young lady and yes I think it is good to be healthy and workout but guess what I think your beautiful even when you don't have makeup on and when you don't dress up or even if your the size you are !! Yes you are very pretty also when you dress up or put on makeup but just remember just be yourself and don't let anyone tell you different!!____																																				Thank you for sharing some of your story and your encouraging words.																																				I have trouble eating a lot and I don't think I'm fat	 I know I'm frekin skinny and idk why but I'm just not hungry and I'm worried. I lost 5 pounds in a week and I didn't exercise or anything.																																			________																																				Gabbie you're perfect just the way you are																																				I love you!!!! You are seriously goals even to people that are skinnier reasons. Your perfect.																																				im 4 days late but... Gabbie if you're reading this: you're beautiful and skinny and all around amazing. you are funny and you're my favorite YouTuber. don't think you're fat because you're not. I love you_ stay strong beautiful__																																				that moment when you shove your hand into your huge thing of goldfish when she brings them up																																				I love you Gabbie you are so beautiful on the inside and the outside!!!! ________																																				Dear Gabby, I have bean a subscriber for a while now and I never looked at you like you are well fat because you're not. And I wish everybody else could see how you're seeing right now. Girls at my school are starving themselves because they think they're fat. So thank you for making this video will tell people to come watch this video. You were such an inspiration to me! And you are beautiful inside and out. Stop telling yourself that you're fat I not good enough because me and a lot of other people think you are amazing. Those subscribers that you have I know they and I have your back. Thank you for making a difference in this community. You One of my favorite YouTuber. And you were so perfect Gabby.____ LOVE YOU SO MUCH GAB_ Sincerely, Michaela Bergeron__																																				calorie counting is stupid imo because a bowl of almonds and a can of coke could be the same amount of calories but obviously one is going to be way healthier for you. I'd worry about fat	 salt and sugar intake. Not calories.																																			:(																																				I would love to hear more of you story :)																																				I am so happy that you made this video. I've been dealing with body insecurities for the majority of my life	 and I've gotten better the past few years but I always want to be smaller. I've been putting on weight since I started college and this summer has been hard	 because I'm heavier than I have ever been in my life. I know that my insecurities lie in my mind but it's so hard	 and I've been struggling with even looking in the mirror lately	 but I want to change and gain back the confidence that I used to have. Hearing that someone else has been going through the same thing makes my goal of feeling good about myself seem so much more attainable	 so thank you Gabbie :)																															You're beautiful don't listen to others.																																				when the fuck did everyone become a pussy?																																				this video is literally so amazing																																				i think that if you made a more in depth video about your disorder	 it would be a really positive impact. someone who is so casual and seems like they can laugh at themselves easily actually having such an intense internal problem will help other people realize their own problems and start recovering from them.																																			Of course your skinny your awsome no one is fat your butifull your young I love your vines I love your YouTube channel please don't think your fat you skinny and you better not say that about yourself ______																																				Aw Gabbie																																				I just wanna say	 I've been watching your videos for a while now and while they make me laugh and are extremely entertaining	 I respect this side of you and am grateful that you could share this part of your life with us.																																		I think an in depth video about you disorder could hopefully teach some of the bastards out there to bite their tongue some times	 and make you feel better about it. I've heard it's extremely therapeutic.																																			Your even skinnier in person. You'll be hearing this again.																																				Can anybody else realize she was about to cry__																																				I'm to skinny 																																				Gabbie you are really funny and i dont think your fat like a lot of haters out there. Dont listen to those haters! Just believe in yourself and love yourself. Keep doing what your doing and have fun!																																				I have struggled with eating disorders that have stemmed from bullying and emotional abuse. Thank you for sharing! I am interested in hearing the full story	 but i understand if you dont want to. Keep staying strong __																																			Everyone is beautiful no matter what I love everyone for who they r and Gabbie ur so amazing and beautiful be u forever XD! __																																				fuck you																																				I love you Gabbie! You are so inspiring	 and I have never thought you were fat	 or ugly	 or stupid. I believe you are perfect	 and I understand how hard your life has been. You are perfect in my eyes	 you are my GOALS in life	 I love you! Don't let ANYONE tell you that you're fat or ugly	 you are beautiful just the way you are	 I wish everyone would stop hating on you just because they are jealous	 You are amazing	 and SO inspiring	 thank you for making this video to share with us. It means a lot	 and I'm always here for you <3																								the skinny-mini story sounds familiar																																				Gabbie...You might not see it but I do	 YOU ARE GORGEOUS.																																			This video is literally me. People have been telling me my whole life im fat and that i had to lose weight and then out of the blue i started making new friends who told me i was slim or that i was skinny or that my body was goals but simply till this day i cant help but not believe them	 and ive cried looking at the mirrors	 hell ive slept crying about it there were days were i didnt ate enough and people got worried about me . Im still working out with my all my problems but atleast i know im better than i was before.																																		I really wish I had gabbie's body	 I'm thin and I really love people with thick bodies																																			Send a __to say that Gabbie is amazing and her body is skinnier than me __																																				Gabbie don't worry.Your body's perfect and your not fat!And even if you were fat then it would no problem I mean you're the best!																																				"First of all I never thought of you as ""fat"" and you are so beautiful. And some people can't get fat off their thighs it can be a genetic if your mother was born that way you could be born that way and there is noting to do other than love yourself."																																				This video made me cry because I went through the exact same thing but it also made me feel happy that I wasn't the only one that went through that...this truly made me inspired __																																				OMG GABBIE I JUST WATCHED YOUR LATEST VIDEO AND THEN THIS ONE AND I LEGIT JUST READ ABOUT THIS DISORDER A FEW HOURS AGO ON SNAPCHAT AND IM JUST LIKE WHAT ITS SO WEIRD THAT I JUST WATCHED YOU TALK ABOUT COINSIDENCES THEN ABOUT YOUR EATING DISORDER AND I JUST FOUND OUT THAT IT WAS ONE																																				Thank you so very much for this. I have struggled with my own mind telling myself I'm fat I'm fat. Everyone of my friends are these little tiny girl and I always looked at myself and thought 'shit I really am the fat friend.' My amazing fianc has told me from day one how much he loves my shape and how I shouldn't worry about others. I have had two great	 sorry AMAZING children and we all know our bodies change after one but I still worry is this dress to tight or do these jeans make me look as huge as I feel but truth is I shouldn't give a damn about anyone but myself. Thank you again for this video I really hit home for me. Keep on loving you because that is all that matters <3																																			I really hope you read this comment gabbie....... Anyways	 I always look at myself and tell myself I'm fat	 I cry for hours and even cry myself to sleep when it's really bad because all my friends are skinny so to them	 I'm big. But after me watching this video... It almost made me cry	 because I realized that I shouldn't worry about my weight and I should only worry about being healthy.... Thank you so so so much gabbie__																																Thank you so much Gabbie! This video helped a lot!																																				__________																																				I went from 280 lbs to 179/180 lbs and still have a bit to go. It's been over a course of 3 years. I workout 5-6 times a week	 portion control	 log my calories using an app	 cried got frustrated so many times	 but I'm still going. Then in July 2015 my dad passed away and I gave up and I starting stuffing my face again and rarely worked out. I've gone between 179-183 lbs & I often slip at times	 but no matter what I get back up and keep going.																															Hi gabbie I think it's amazing that you are coming forward and telling us about your struggles, i really admire you. You are perfect as you are, and people who calls poeple they don't even know fat, shold be ashamed of themselves. Love u__																																				HELP!!!!!!!!! there a ghost in my room pls if you see this call my mom I can't call nobody I hear noises help!!!!!!																																				HELP!!!!!!!!! there a ghost in my room pls if you see this call my mom I can't call nobody I hear noises help!!!!!!																																				Gabbie I love you more than words can describe and this video really just makes me love you a billion times more. I struggle with similar things	 and you're a huge inspiration for me now. Thank you so so so much for sharing your story.____																																			wow.... honestly though out the video those words just pushed me back to memories when my sister and even my best friend would call me fat and that i just wasent and stil am so freaking unhappy with my body and every day asking myself maybe i could get surgery but never get the courage to ask my mom cause we all know that moms say there is nothing wrong end i would get so sad so i would just eat and cry myself to sleep and i got tears in my eyesseeing and hearing things cause i realyÊÊdon't want to go there again but i still think i'm fat but it is so much better now (exept for the men boobies) but this realy touched me and thank you for that i love you gabb once again you did make my day xoxo																																				idk if this is relevant or not	 but I haven't ate for 5 days o.o																																			this video brought me to tears. I seriously have hated my self my whole life and finally ive come to a point where I'm trying to be healthier and I finally am starting to feel better about my selfÊ and today I was struggling to overcome those feelings of not being good enough and this is exactlyÊwhat I neededÊ<3 thank you....																																				 i'm your nigga	Love* lol																																			 i'm your nigga	I lov you so much because you are my idol and you are so gorgeous inside AND out																																			I never thought of it like that comparison does kill your happiness and maybe someone does desire your body but I feel very insecure of myself because people are known to judge me someone I really care about says there not bringing their child up that way because they did it to me and that's why I turned out this way I ended up locking my self in a room and crying and then pretend like nothing happened after because no one really knows me or what I go through or really how insecure I am																																				you look beautiful just the way you are																																				oh my gosh you're beautiful and a perfect weight I'm so happy you're confident because you really should be! you should really be proud of yourself	 love you __																																			Gabbie. Stop. You're absolutely gorgeous and your body is just perfect. You've always been my goal in life to get to sort of or somewhat of what you look like. Perfect body. You might be bigger than some skinny girls	 but you aren't fat. If anything	 you're just thick. I love you. You've inspired me. Love yourself for who it is. I love you	 Gabbie	 and so do a lot of other people too.																																gabbie im so sorry about this but remember to stay the way u r now																																				Just started watching you and think your great																																				Awwwww Gabbie! We're always here for you	 you have helped me realise that no matter what size we are just to accept it	 not to compare yourself to others! I love you Gabbie and we are all here for you!xxxxxxx																																		and u are not fat I used to compare myself to my bff																																				im sorry																																				__																																				if anyone who knows who luna is because shes like a girl him and im just wondering if you agree																																				Your not fat	 you look beautiful and your size looks very good on you .3.																																			Btw Gabbie	 you are truly beautiful no matter your size! You have always been pretty in my eyes____																																			Aww I love you Gabbie!!__________ I have mental issues too and I'm so glad that I can relate to someone I love____																																				gabbie your nit fat your pretty and strong you should not want someone else's body																																				do i have a eating disorder if i try to make myself throw up and don't eat sometimes bc i want to loose weight or is that normal when you are trying to shed a few pounds? oh and i only tried to make myself throw up like 4 times but i still think about it.																																				Can u make a video talking about your journey																																				Can David hop off now then																																				This video made me feel better about myself. Thanks Gabbie I love u!																																				You know it's a sad video when Gabbie doesn't start her video screaming __																																				You had me in tears	 Gabbie. I never would've thought that you struggled this deeply with your body. When I met you at vidcon	 I was that woman who thought you were skinny. You don't need to change yourself. Sure	 you have curves	 but that is so so beautiful. You're beautiful. I love that you're opening up on a personal	 serious level with us. You're going to go so far	 kid																														i kind of feel like I'm going through this																																				I related to this so much to the point that it had me crying lol. I'm working so hard on changing my perspective of things. my mentality of my body has reached its lowest several times but comparison really does play a huge role in self image. it's took me 4 years to stop comparing myseld to other girls and start looking in the mirror and thinking wow I look good. I still compare myself sometimes but I'm working on it. stop comparing yourself bc you can never look like anyone else no matter what you do so you might as well be original and embrace who you are :) after all	 no one else can be you either																																			Anybody else noticed that in the outro that when Gabbie was snapping her fingers it matched to the rhythm of the song (Try) __?																																				you are NOT fat																																				more gost stores																																				YOU ARE SO NOT FAT!!! YOU ARE AMAZING! Don't believe those lies!!!! You rock! You are enough!																																				When I was in school I would only eat like 200-300 calories a day thinking that that was still to much. Even now I barely eat breakfast and when I do eat I eat late so I don't have to eat later in the day. I anyways thought that 800 was to much.																																				i would love a more in depth video	 i love you so much Gabbie <3 stay strong girl	 you're so beautiful																																		Gabbie we all love you	 you are definitely an inspiration for me	 AND YOUR BODY IS POPPIN 2 ME ALSO :)																																		so proud of you ! sending love & positivity your way __																																				______________________________																																				you're so pretty	 and thanks for this video	 you changed me!																																		gabbie you are beautiful	 really!																																			Gabbie I wish I could come through my phone and hug you soooooo bad in my eyes you are perfect!!!!!! And nothing more!!! I hope u read this and it makes you day!!! I love you______________																																				This really helps me hopefully I can be as confident as u in the future. I got to get the right mind set																																				OMG but you're perfect!!!!																																				I have a eating disorder because I was bullied and Benton by my old friend d about it																																				I went through this	 too	 and I didn't really realize it until I started having really weird stomach pains or I'd become really nauseous and felt like I was going to throw up even though I had nothing in my system. It's a lot of hard work getting better and I'm so proud of you for everything you've accomplished	 Gabbie. Thank you so much for posting this. I love you so so much. _																																	I find this highly relatable because Gabbie and I have a similar body type and we both feel the same about our bodies.. I just never had an eating disorder I love food too much to give it up (yes im aware that there are eating disorders where you do eat) People always tell me im skinny but I know I'm fat.. I always felt fat and I hate it. But this helped me a lot. Thanks so much Gabbie for this video																																				Who else is getting tired of that FUZE Iced Tea Ad You Can't Skip???																																				"Gabby thank you so much for this video. In Sixth grade I had an eating disorder too, to the point where I only ate dinner and drank water and nothing else. I do still struggle with my image about myself but I started working out this May intensively, eating the right foods and only eating when I truly needed too. My confidence is still veerrry low and I think it's going to be a long time until I am truly comfortable in my own skin; but having videos like these goes a long way. Thank you so much, God bless your soul."																																				i love you gabby your amazing!!!																																				I like goldfish to <3																																				This is me.																																				love youuu __ you're pretty af __ stay yourself you're perfect _ you always make me feel so good about myself __																																				gabbie																																				I love you gabby ____																																				You messed with ricegum that's why u get hate																																				yasssssss SO PROUD OF YOU __																																				Can u go see the comment I left on your teen choice award and cool play button video																																				I hope she does a video about her journey																																				luv the background!__																																				Gabbie make more Videos please																																				i love u																																				Wait did she say she ate her friends goldfish ????!!!!																																				Even if every one else says your larger doesn't mean your not beautiful! Gabbie your amazing	 I too have a eating disorder and it really kills me and i came across your videos awhile ago and you really helped me to realise things that i had never thought of	 i look up to	 you are my goals __																																	I feel like really needed this Thank you so much																																				Just so you know. I started watching you're video's because you are a cute young women. Then after watching I thought wow she is cute and funny. Just thought you should know. Been subscribed for a long time. Keep it up beautiful.																																				Omg. ..the feels																																				u should so us ur boobplz																																				I hope you know gabbie that it does not matter how much you weigh. Your haters are people who have mager insacuradies. You are amazing and know one can tell you who you are only you can.																																				thank you																																				hey gabs. i`m not sure if you see this but i really hope you do. you helped me through a lot of tough times in my life and i really want to thank you for that. i was in a period of my life,where i was always sad. i cried all the time because i hated my body! I couldn`t even look at myself without felling the need to throw up. so for a whole year i was really depressed:(( But then i found your channel. i started watching your videos and i laughed, for the first time in months. You made me so happy again. You gave me so much confident and power. you became my life goal. I wanted your confident and happiness. so i started looking at myself in other ways, and i started looking at the good things. and then i started realizing that i wasn`t fat. Not at all. I had a flat stomach and a skinny waist. So i just really wanna say thank you for helping me. i`m so proud of you. i love you Gabbie. You are so pretty, sweet, loving, caring, funny, smart, and awesome, and i love you for that!!<3<3 Showstopper for ever. <3<3<3<3<3<3<3																																				i never really comment much on videos. but oh my God... gabby this video got me to cry. thank you for making this video	 just thank you so much. you have no idea how I needed to hear some of the stuff you said in this video. just thank you so much																																			Gabbie	 You. Are. Beautiful. Your like the most perfect person ever__ we love YOU soooo much. Don't ever forget that! You have millions of people who adore you and know that you are one of a kind.																																			i think she just made me realize that i have an eating disorder																																				Thank you for sharing your story! <3																																				Gabbie you are beautiful just the way you are and so is everyone else.I hope that you and anyone else struggling with this finds happiness.God bless you all.																																				I think there isn't a mistake at u ^^																																				Gabbie this is really inspiring! Like you said everyone has there own demons they just got to fight them. Love you gabbie and keep up the great work!																																				worst thing	 the guy I like keeps bringing me down... too ignorant to understand what an eating disorder is..																																			You are beautiful																																				What I hate about other people's natural bully mode is that they laugh at people (much like me and many others) how heavy and fat we look and yet we are at the gym. Why bother wasting their breath laughing at someone who wants to better themselves?																																				"Hold up... There was a post almost exactly like that. Where someone tried so hard to be healthy and skinny and someone bigger called them ""Naturally skinny"" and things like that... familiar... shrugs"																																				Gabbie	 I wish I could reach through my phone and give you a hug. You're a beautiful person. Don't change.																																			I once choked on a piece of food	 when i was like 10	 and that started my eating disorder. I lost 10 pounds in a month and it took me an hour to eat a single waffle. I would eat almost nothing all day	 but I wouldn't even feel hungry. Then we went to the doctor and got my eating back on track.																																	this is amazing!!you are so inspirational I'm crying so much over joy and realization that I'm something that alot of girls would want to be																																				I love the message of these vids. But her channel and has gotten soooooo depressing for the past month																																				I love you Gabbie you are so inspiring	 you are beautiful always have been and always will be!____________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________																																			I'm just glad I have a fast metabolism. Shit I just ate a whole pie of pizza an look like I haven't gained shit lol																																				He made a rap about you too																																				Ricegum. Is talking shit about you																																				I feel like I have the opposite disorder	 it is so hard for me to gain weight. Right now I am 12 and 5'3 and I weigh 95.5. And I'm supposed to weigh 107-135	 and I eat every single meal....																																		As I watch this video It made me so sad to see you think that your body wasn't already perfect i would give up my whole life to have your body if you ever feel bad try to remember that at least I think that you're perfect ______________																																				gabbie i know how u feel i am going threw the same thing about haveing an eating disorder. but i am litterally starving my self to loose wait.i ran to my main street from the woods just to loose wait.i ran 10 miles to do this. i was about to pas out and my mom and dad were telling me to stop i couldent.i was telling them crying on the phone i cant i need to loose wait by next school year i started thinking about cutting myself and thinking about cutting the fat off of my body but now that i watched your video i dont think i need to harm myself to loose wait.....thank u gabbie...p.s sorry if i spell things wrong																																				i have an eating disorder and it's so hard to focus on anything but my mental disorders so I'm not interested in the things I used to be interested in wow i just actually said that																																				Love you Gabbie. Try to be yourself and we appreciate you being real with us.																																				I'd love to know more about your journey please make a video you are such an inspiration! ______																																				I bet David feels like shit now cuz he's always making fun of her weight in his vlogs. Yeah they're jokes	 but there's always a half truth to a joke.																																			thank you so much you really helped me gain my confidence with my body i love so much and you are so beautiful																																				This helped me so much! This same story happen to me	 I had anxiety and I had to go to a therapist and then I found out that I had a thyroid thing and I got bullied because I am gaining weight because of my thyroid thing! And I moved schools and I made better friends and then they hated me	 and then I watched your videos and they made me feel better! I made better choices	 and I love myself! Please reply I love you!																																	I've watched this video so much and every time I watch it I gain a little more confidence. My whole life I've been surrounded by skinny people. I'm not necessarily fat but I am on the chubbier side. I've always felt so fat because my mom and brother are truly natural skinny minies. My father and other brother are buff with muscles. I've always compared myself with my family and the other people around me. I wear baggy clothes and I try to hide myself. I watch this video and feel better and the message that your telling really helps me and I've compared myself WAY less. I've felt a little more comfortable in my own skin. I'm going to six flags on Friday and I have to wear clothes for swimming. I feel like they make me look so fat and after watching this video I have gained more confidence. This video truly helped me and I want you to know that you are a beautiful person inside and out. I love you and thank you for making this video.__																																				Gabbie you are absolutely perfect the way you are	 I look up to you. I had an eating disorder too	 to the point in which I only weighed 90 pounds and everyone told me that I looked sickly and gross	 I mean I just goes to show that no one is pleased no matter how hard you try	 do things for yourself and not for the pleasure of others	 I love you Gabbie	 thank you for always being here for me when I'm feeling sad. <3																														I love you Gabbie.																																				crying																																				This exactly why I love gabble so much...she can make the funniest videos and then serious videos and she always keeps me interested and I absolutely LOVE her and her videos																																				you're so inspirational and strong	 gabbie	 and I hope you know that you're so beautiful and that so many people look up to you																																		I have a fat dick so I feel your pain.																																				I like to squeeze poop between my fingers and now I'm not scared to talk about it. Thanks boo boo.																																				pls subcribe to my channel everybody :)																																				one of my good friends loves you and so do I but she struggles with the name thing and I struggle with depletion but people don't normally see it because I try so hard to act like I'm happy but really I'm sad AF and this video brought me to tears and I just shared it with my friend but she has probable already seen it. I love you Gabbie and I see you doing great things very soon.____																																				"Gabbie OK I'm telling you this now don't judge yourself based on others opinions you don't have to be a ""skinny minny"" to be beautiful what really matters to me at least is what's on the inside, who you are and to me you are my goal to be able to date someone like you your beautiful, tallented, and just all around great and me I look at who the person is and not their problems or disabilities I just always see the beauty in a girl (like you) and if I were your age I'd be begging to date you because you are like a jewel to me but really don't judge yourself on how you look just be you I beg you please just be you I love you for who you are your best friend, Tyler C. P.S I don't like the people who judge your nose its a bonus or an extra thing that comes with you (Please read this and it would be great if you made a selfasteam video on this)"																																				"im only 12 and I always thought to my self am I to fat? yes Im am overweight for my age and I was born fat and to prove it my mom told me my family used to call me michellen because i looked like the guy who had pices of fat in different layers and I thought that I dont look pretty and not well know at school but then I talked to an old friend of mine and she told me ""so your one of the popular kids now"", and then I replied ""what do you mean?"" she told me that all of my friends are the kids that everyone know weather its for being a trouble maker or being sporty but after she told me that I realized that everyone in school knows who I am and they like me because I have a high spirit and I am nice or so im told by friends"																																				No wonder you and Shane got along so well. Hope that's doesn't sound rude or anything																																				Stfu gabbie																																				I can't buy your pop sockets anymore wtf I actually have money now and there not on there																																				You are such an amazing person	 gabbie! I can't put into words how inspiring and motivating you've been to me and so many other people. I look in the mirror every day and hate what I see	 but I have been getting better at working out and staying healthy and being confident all because you help me through it. You're my inspiration	 my motivation and even my weight goal. ILYSM gabbie	 and I wish you good luck every day in your workout routines and anything you set you're mind to!																																I had never thought of you as fat I always seen you as skinny. __																																				L																																				@thegabbieshow ur so inspiring to your viewers and joke around on ur channel but also teach them really great stuff that they need to learn thx gabbie																																				its ok gabbie your so funny and pretty you dont have have to worry that stuff																																				Thank You Gabbie. I really	 sincerely appreciate everything you do																																			Gabbie you are the best person I have ever meat your amazing and unique and pretty if someone calls you fat ignore it and think about the good side the other side																																				YAAAS GABBY YAAAAAAAAS																																				Babe this hit me so hard																																				You are a great storyteller, a beautiful woman and a great entertainer. Thank you for following your dreams. You've helped me follow mine																																				your my most favorite YouTuber in the whole world I love you so much you videos make me smile with happiness don't let the haters tell you otherwise because haters are not going to be in your life forever live life to the fullest spread( purple hearts for Gabby) I just want to tell you one more time that your awesome and I will always know that																																				I want a video more in depth on it.																																				"Gabs, I'd like to start off by saying thank you. Thank you for being brave and posting a video in which you feel vulnerable in and thank you for sharing your story for all us. As someone who has suffered from similar things, I would love to hear more about your journey, possibly on your vlog channel? I was bullied pretty badly in school, to the point of contemplating suicide. When I starting getting help with all my issues at 16, I also got a tattoo on my right wrist that says ""flawless."" Firstly, it's on my wrist in memorial for those like myself who suffer from depression and body-dysmorphia but didn't find their way out of the darkness and secondly I included the period with the lowercase ""f"" to make it grammatically incorrect. It's my little reminder that no I'm perfect but that's the beauty in life. This journey for you too could be your first tattoo, I think I remember you saying something about wanting one on a vlog? Anyways! Thanks again! Stay flawless ~ a fellow underdog"																																				not gonna lie...i really needed this video. this is truly inspiring to me	 gabby. ps. i have snapchatted you and tweeted to you but long story short i live in pittsburgh pa and it would mean the world to me if i got to meet you in person. have a great day	 i love you so so much.																																		How have people thought you were fat? I have seen almost all of your videos back in the day and you were not fat in any of them	 people must think anorexic is the only skinny	 that's pretty gross	 anyone who cares right? Just because someone says something does not deem it true	 you are great Gabby and trust me	 that's the truth!																															When ricegum left you at 1 millon and ricegum is at 3millon plus																																				TO EVERYONE WITH AN EATING DISORDER! if it makes u feel any better	 over 70% of americans are either overweight or obese.																																			good for you and your beautiful :)																																				Thank you so much for this video	 it really opened my eyes to what's really important because I've been struggling with my body for a long time now and I have been skipping meals thinking it would help me loose weight	 but this has really inspired me. Thank you Gabbie	 love you__																																	Thank you for sharing your story and awareness of this issue. I have had very very similar issues binging is such a hard thing to beat.																																				YOUR SO PRETTY ALSO RANDOM BUT UH CAN YOU DO A VIDEO WITH HEATH!!! ID LOVE IT SOOOO MUCH PLEASSSEEE																																				I'm 12 and I weigh 356lb																																				hears the be healthy part while eating burger Tomorrow	 I'll do this tomorrow																																			______																																				This is so nice to see! Love you Gabbie!																																				I'd still smash Gabbie...remember that.																																				"I grew up surrounded by people telling me that I was fat and that I needed to lose weight. I would wear the buggiest of clothing just to hide the so called ""fat."" When I got away from it all, it changed my life. You just need to surround yourself with people who care about you and don't listen to the ones that don't."																																				it would be really cool to see a video that is more in depth about your journey with this!																																				I'm crying. This hit home so hard.																																				you are so inspiring to me. and I really wish i could have your confidence.																																				YOU ARE SO SO BEAUTIFUL	 GAB!! I LOVE YOU SO MUCH ALWAYS																																			Gabbie	 you are BEAUTIFUL NO MATTER WHAT. Don't compare yourself with others it doesn't help or work. My sister thinks the same way and I tell her every day that she is beautiful no matter what. I wish I was like tbh.																																			I'm skinny and I want to gain weight. is that bad? and don't tell me I should be lucky that im skinny because that doesn't help.																																				gabbie	 even though this video was short it inspired me. I'm so ashamed of my body that whenever I go somewhere public I suck in my gut or try to hide it. I've never been skinny. all my life I've been over weight. Food was and still is my ticket out of pain. I everyday I say to myself I'm fat and you will always be b/c so many people have told me so including my own family. At one point I cried for days complaining to myself saying I want to change. I never could. But your experience makes me want to try. and I am trying. thanks gabbie. _ you																																			Gabbie thank you so much for making this. Keep speaking up and out and inspiring us. __																																				You are such an inspiration. I have struggled my whole life with people saying horrible things and to know that someone else has found a way to gain their life back means so much and gives me so much hope for myself. I'm going through everything u described and now i feel like there is a light at the end of the tunnel rather than another 100 miles of darkness thank u ____																																				It's not I disorder just stop eating																																				Gabbie you are perfect who you are I always wanted to be you. You are truly inspiring I love you so much plz don't change.__ Love you tons__																																				"Well I am a ""skinny mini"" and a lot of people assume that I am either bulimic or anorexic because I eat a lot or because I don't want to eat at the moment!!! @thegabbieshow when I first saw you I started feeling worse because I really want to have your body... I've been bullied my entire life and you are right, a lot of people want to look like I do but I hate my own body. I love you and please keep being yourself because that's the way we all your family love you! ______"																																				I am a 11 year old male and I am 130 ponds																																				Wow i didn't even realise what i was doing to my body	 it took to the part where you mentioned your friend and feeling sick but being hungry to realise thats exactly what I'm doing. honestly	 i look up to you so much and after this i have even more respect for you. Thank you for helping me realise what I'm actually doing to myself	 i love you so much																																	l																																				Thank you so much for this video. I went through this long point where whenever I ate I couldn't swallow anything and I would avoid eating because I was afraid. Now watching this video I realize why and this was a very inspiring and educating video. Thanks Gabby! __																																				I relate to this a lot and I never realised anything was wrong																																				ur so amazing gabbie																																				You're perfect just the way you are!!! I love you Gabbie!!! :)																																				Gabbie	 you're a beautiful person.																																			the first time I ever watched you I was inspired by you and I ALWAYS thought you were beautiful and I don't know why people told you stuff like that but I have loved you're videos and I never thought of you fat you are a amazing person if you want wright back and we can talk if not I understand but I hope you will stay the same no matter whatÊÊÊÊÊÊ -from all my love to you --taryn																																				Lol at people who think people who have eating disorders just means they have to eat more and that's it																																				i are awesome ok don't change u are my idole																																				I would love a full length video on your actual disorder and the journey attached to it. It would be very interesting to hear.																																				that was like my life and u helped me in this vid so thanks and i love that song at the end so much thanks to u																																				I can see that she kinda nervous and uncomfortable recording this cause she doing a nervous laugh. And Gabbie your perfect the way you are. Nobody's perfect.																																				I'm always thinking about my weight. ALWAYS. I'm sorry but nothing could help me not think that I am fat.																																				I have 1 too																																				L																																				I LOVE YOU SO MUCH OH MY GOSH YOU HAVE NO IDEA HOW MUCH THIS HELPED!!!!!																																				Shush... shush your mush.... you're beautiful!! And don't let anyone tell you otherwise!!																																				how old is she?																																				is she 14??																																				Gabbie	 your so so beautiful and an inspiration to me everyday. I'm so happy your getting better now. We all love you so much and were always here for you. Xoxo																																			"Its kinda messed up how people use ""fat"" as an insult"																																				La also cried because i thought i was fat then i looked at myself in the mirorand i noticed mi bones were stiking out and i realised i needed to start eating more																																				You are so fucking beautiful gabbie and you are actually the size that my goal has always been																																				this is actually me tho wot the shit																																				GABBIE I love you so much. This put me in tears																																				I know how you felt.																																				thank you for making this. i had the same problem and this made me feel a lot better about my experience __																																				The feels in this <3<3. Thank you gabbie	 you might not see this comment	 but i want you to know that you have actually changed my life. You make me laugh in your vlogs and in your vids	 you bring confidence to me when i never really had any. You are so special to me	 and i am so sorry that you had to go through any hate. Lots of love to you <3																																Wahou	 really inspiring	 thank you for sharing your story	 i'm sure you've opened more eyes than you think <3																																	I'm 13 and weigh 86 pounds and I'm under weight by a lot compared to my friends. So I would eat a lot and want to gain weight not know that people want to weigh what I weigh.																																				im 14 and 78 pounds. All my friends and teachers make fun of me because i'm short and don't weigh as much as them. Really puts me down																																				It's not being fat	 it's being human. People want others to be skinny fir some reason but I think one skinny people are just lonelu attention whores. I'm not saying that to be rude but some people are that greedy as to starve themselves to get more good things on their side. It may be just me and I'm sorry for being so hateful to a few people but I look at peoples faces and I can see in their eyes and tell if they're a good person. Gabbie is one of those people.																																			gabbie	 i love you so much and since the moment i discovered you	 you were my role model. this video really helped me alot for ive also many problems with my weight (and anxiety haha).. yeah but i wanted to ask you (though you probably wont see this) how you stopped comparing yourself to others? thank you _																																		this is so true for me and your awesome gabbie																																				My brothers and my dad say that i have anerexia because i dont like to eat. I used to be 92 pounds but i have been going up and down. At one point i was 80 pounds.																																				In the last year I gained 70 more pounds. I felt so horrible about myself I was avoiding eating and just wanted to get to my healthy weight. I know know that I can't do that anymore and just want to get out and get healthy and feel better about myself. I am still beautiful even if I don't see it. Thank you Gabbie	 I want you to know that you are all I strive to be in life and I love you. <3 Thank you for this	 it has touched more than you know. Go team underdogs!																																		i cried a little during watching this	 ive never had an eating disorder i eat quite alot actually	 but this is amazing gabs	 i appreciate this and this did help me alot actually	 so thank you	 and i would like to know more about your story	 but if it is too much too talk about than its okay	 much love <3																													This is inspirational__ love you gabbie																																				your so beautiful and it takes a lot to open up to the world and I think that's great that you shared this beautiful the comparison thing really made me think as well ____																																				That's me.																																				I love you for this																																				I've struggled with my weight ever since high school cause everyone in my school is so healthy and so much more ok with their bodies. It's gotten to the point were it mentally hurts me to wear anything were you can see just the tiniest amount of skin	 I get called 'thunder thighs' or 'pregnant' and the people who say these things	 I've never said anything to them	 I barely know them. How can someone say something so carelessly and it have so much meaning?																																	Gabbie i love you so much and you have really inspired me <3																																				Can't wait to see you at your meet and greet this year!!!!!!!!!!																																				please make more of these. This helped me a lot																																				I'm 11 and I weigh about 140 pounds....I always compare myself to my friends....this video really opened my eyes																																				I cried when I saw this because I love when youtubers/celebrities share there story and try to help others that may be in the same position so thank u for filming this																																				My goal in life is to be sure that I am happy with my body.But that will take a while but I can do it. I am a fat ads girl 180lbs																																				gabbie	 you are beautiful and it doesn't matter if the doctor said you have a problem	 you are your own person and what some may not call attractive	 I call lovely. you seem so confident your body and I love you for that. you are my role model and I don't want any body to weigh you down. please stay beautiful.																																	Such an inspiration. Keep being you	 and good things will follow undoubtedly																																			You took an L from rice gum																																				gurrl i wish i had your body im 11 and 160 something. Im a piece of trash drifting threw the wind______ I wish somebody would call me a skinny minny...I look like a potato in everything I wear. I just want to be an average weight______																																				Fake I'm sorry																																				__________																																				Gab I have always thought you are perfect you are my goales xx																																				I'm mid-video	 I read the subtext that you said and asked if we wanted a more in depth video about it and I would like that :)																																			Ur beautiful the way u r. Ilysm!!																																				i now have a new outlook on mu body and my life thanks Gabbie																																				WHY YOU E HATING ON RICEGUM																																				U should colab with Thomas Sanders																																				Legit	 I wish I have her body. I'm 13 and 130																																			I love her so much <3																																				Your so amazing. You always make my day and make me realize things I've never really noticed before. I love you!!!______																																				I Love U So Much Gabbie Don't Worry About The Haters Just Remeber Your Fans Love U So Much! I'm One Of Your Biggest Fans I Love u so Much!!!! And Your Hair Is Goals!!____ But I'm So Sorry about Your Disorder! But I Love U So Much Hope U Feel Better Or Get Better!XOXO______																																				this video made me realize that I shouldn't compare myself to others. I shouldn't put myself down	 I should just be healthy and love myself. I love you gabbie																																			is this remy lacroix's sister?																																				You went to school with my aunt you were on candy canes with her (the dance line) at new castle thats so crazy!!!																																				You're beautiful!																																				______________________																																				DAMN IT I WAS EATING PIZZA																																				Definitely want to know more about your journey Gabbs __																																				is it irony to be eating carrots and watching this at the same time?!																																				Gabbie	 You are beautiful. I'm sure this video will help me as well as the thousands of others who have/had an eating disorder. Thank you!																																			gabbie i wanna hug you <3																																				Gabbie you inspire me soo much thank you __																																				L																																				"Gabbie your such an inspiration. You have taught me so much. My body is something I'm insecure about. Everyone will tell me ""your not even fat"" and even if I'm not I look at other people who are much smaller and more petite and I compared myself for a long time. But as I watch your videos your teaching me day after day to be okay with my body,and to love m body for what it is and who I am. Thank you so much for the life lesson I never would have learned. Because of you I'm more confident about my body. I couldn't thank you more.__ Your such a strong person____"																																				I'm sorry but I have a questionÊ when this all happened could u have died ?																																				Do not lessen to people your not fat at all!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!																																				Good for you Gabbie!__ You look great!																																				you are beautiful no matter what	 I wish I was as strong as u keep staying strong gab I love u so much!!!!																																			Gabbie I fucking needed this	 so thank you so much																																			there's nothing wrong with being fat.																																				I just realized that am always shaming myself for my wait and looking at my friends and wishing I was like them but really I'm always gonna be like me. And now I realize that I have an eating disorder and that Gabbie is my idol. She is the one that inspires me to be who I am today and to like myself. Thanks gab____																																				I would totally want to watch a more in depth video on this topic______																																				This was inspirational but that's not going to stop me from eating a whole pizza																																				You made me see myself differently You made me realize I shouldn't compare I should make goals on the reps I can do and not the scale Thank you Gabbie																																				im really glad gabbie is talking anout more serious topics																																				Wanna stick my finger in her nose.																																				What did Gabbie mean by it affected the people around her? Like in what ways?																																				Omg	 because where i live we don't have goldfish when she said she ate a few I freaked out for like 5 seconds ands then realised she wasn't talking about the animal XD																																			I hope David is just kidding then																																				I love how many people have supported her with the likes. the dislikes need to be burnt																																				my dream is to be as beutifull as Gabbie she is so pretty																																				inspirational																																				how do i vote for teen choice awards?																																				how do i vote for teen choice awards?																																				"What a powerful statement, ""Your before photo is someone's goal photo"". I have always struggled with being 100% comfortable in my own skin. It was nice to hear someone that I admire talk about this subject. You're the best Gabbie!"																																				Thank you for this story Gabbie! It was truly heartfelt and I'm glad you were able to tell the whole world. Kudos to you Gabbie______________________________________																																				I know that so many people are self conscious about their bodies	including me	this video was very inspirational.																																		"You're awesome Gabbie, and sweet, and beautiful, and i love you (maybealittlehomo) ;) <3"																																				This helped me a lot in a way that I've always felt like no one else could. Thank you so much for the inspiration that you givin me In this video and the self worth. I'm learning slowly to love my self day by day and you helped me a lot today that you gabbie	 you are beautiful and you are amazing never let your self think other wise__________________																																			Super inspirational! I've been through similar issues and wow you've opened mind up. Thank you Gabby xoxo																																				I love you Gabbie.																																				I love you.																																				i went from 200 lbs to 190. Trying to get to 180.																																				check out my YouTube videos like and subscribe																																				Hey Gab? I love your nose. I love your face. I love your body. You're beautiful and open minded and strong and wise and the world needs more people like you.																																				__________																																				I cried																																				Gabby is so skinny! She doesn't have an ounce of fat on her																																				____________																																				______ your beautiful and im so proud of u.																																				you are so amazing this truly helped and inspired me to not compare myself to others and to be comfortable with myself. your'e the best	 love you! God bless																																			This is exactly why I love the gabby show																																				GABBIE PLEASE READ THIS: You don't have an eating disorder! Sure do you have some food issues due to anxiety, a busy lifestyle, simply down to bad habits? Probably! Hell, sugar is absolutely my drug of choice (that's my struggle), but does that mean I have an eating disorder? Does that mean that anything is wrong with me? No. Nothing is wrong with you and you should not be forever labeled as such because of this!																																				________																																				Lose insecurity	 gain confidence																																			YOU INSPIRE ME SOOOOOOO MUCH I CANT EVEN PUT IT INTO WORDS !!!!																																				Gabbie	 you're so amazing. Because of this video	 you've helped SO MANY PEOPLE! You can see it in these comments. You're a true role model. You put millions of smiles on people's faces watching your videos	 whether you just helped or inspired someone	 or made someone laugh that really needed it. I'm so glad I found you while binge watching other Youtuber's scary stories. If I hadn't	 I think a lot of things would be different. We love you Gabbie. Thank you for sharing your story. You really inspired me..and a lot more people. __																															Appels are healthy																																				Remember the (i want a) Apple vid?																																				Cabbie I hope you don't read the mean comments that all the people that want to make you feel bad all of your subscribers are mostly hear to show you that you are perfect the way you are. Ur very inspirational to a lot of people and posting this video has most likely helped a lot of people understand this problem for what it is. You keep being you and don't believe those haters																																				Fat.																																				I'm really glad I decided to click this vid. Thank you Gabbie for sharing your struggles. I wish I could be brave enough like you																																				This meant a lot to me. thank you																																				It would help a lot of people if you would go deep into a lot of people minds to change people																																				I fell really sensitive about my weight for my age and I'm really scared of ....I'm starting to cry..getting a disease or diabetes for my age																																				Hey Gabby	 41 year old Mum here of a 10 year old amazing son who loves you! I do too because he demands I watch lol. He brought me this video and he listened intently and it helped soo much! So thanks for being vulnerable and educated on the topic. Keep it up!________																																			Some of your videos the real you actually comes out and we can see that you are a good hearted person.good for you gabb just try not to get caught up in the superficial girl.anyways thanks for the vid																																				so proud of you for posting this. I know it's hard. I struggle with my eating disorder as well	 you're not alone																																			"All my life I've compared myself to others. I wanted to be able to run around it a crop top or a bikini & be able to feel 100% confident about my body. Over the years I've gotten better about being more positive when looking in the mirror but some days it's just terrible. I have an amazing girlfriend who is thinner than I am & whenever we go to the beach I can't help but compare myself to her. She'll say things like ""ugh I'm getting so fat, look at all this fat"" as she points to her flat stomach I just feel so disgusting. I can't see how she can find me beautiful & how she can claim that she loves my body that's twice her size but yet she hates hers. I feel like if we switched bodies she's be so disgusted with mine. I've been being more active lately & she's been taking photos of me while I'm not looking & later on she'll show me them & I've come to realize that I'm not as big as I thought. I'm slowly starting to like my body but I know it's going to be a very long process. __"																																				Bae																																				________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________ilysm																																				i eat only 200 cals a day wow																																				Thank you__																																				omg Gabbie you have no idea how much I needed this. This whole week has been tough for me because like you said I kept on comparing myself to this girl whom everyone thought was pretty(because I have acne) and I felt really upset but after this video I felt better thank youuu																																				Thank you for this. I'm crying	 dude.... It's too early for this... But no	 really	 THANKYOU																																	I'm actually happy with my body __ she should be too cause she looks hot __																																				THANK YOU!JUST THANK YOU! ____																																				THANK YOU!JUST THANK YOU! ____																																				Gabbie. you're amazing!! I never considered you fat!! but what you said has inspired me because I'm like you in the sense that I'm very insecure with who and what I am and try to build it up by acting more confident so people think I'm really cocky and obnoxious. but I have always thought you were/are a beautiful and this journey that you've gone through watching you're videos on snap chat is incredible. Gabbie I love you! ___																																				the fuck is wrong with females these days bitches not eating and shit																																				when gabby bae but your only 16______																																				Thank you	 Gabbie. This will definitely help my best friend. You are such an inspiration. __																																			I do not have an eating disorder. But recently my thyroid has caused me to gain a lot of weight and since i was skinny before, i hate it when people come up to me and ask me why I'm so 'fat'. It really bothers me so much. This video made me feel so much better. Thank you Gabbie. I love you and your videos always make me smile. Also, you're pretty and perfect _.																																				I went thru da same thing. ur beautiful! __																																				This makes me feel way better about myself thankyou																																				Just know you are gorgeous! My mom has a huge eating disorder she is skin and bones and she thinks she is huge... Ily thanks for being so inspiring																																				"i try to be comfident and open and im the most open person. but it is so hard when my gran always tells me i have to loose weight saying ""you could fit in nicer clothing"" im 15 anf im 10 kg over weight and ever since my abuse as a chilf ive always hated myself and i try so hard not to compare myself to others but i struggle so hard. ive gone through thousands of anxiety attacks and i have cut through depression and because of my depression i ate a lot out of fear and sadness and that lead to more depression because of my weight which lead to more eating. this video opened my eyes but im still not physically strong enough to change how i think, especially if i dont have anyone to help me."																																				What colorful lipsticks do you use in your musical.lys PLEASE ANSWER IN YOUR NEXT Q&A																																				i paused the vid like 1 min in to go get food																																				Oh my gosh this is so true gabble I luv u so much!!! Comparison is the killer of happiness	 I can tell this because I suffer from eczema	 I know eczema doesn't sound like something u could suffer from	 but I get it really badly	 and I'm a teen and I still haven't grown out of it so I have to have special treatments and i suffer	 I compare myself to people that have really nice skin and cry and cry and cry	 ....... And even thought about suicide... But I am a very dramatic person..... . I luv u so much gabbie u r amazing keep going	 and honestly	 ur not even fat. Xxxxoooo!! ________																												that really help tbh i didnt think it would but wow thank you																																				honestly, I relate to Gabbie so much. I have anxiety, depression, and my ex once told me I have similar starting symptoms of an eating disorder. idk I don't like making a big deal about my troubles so if anyone's reading this you matter & you're beautiful																																				You are a true inspiration Gabbie. You are beautiful inside and out. Never stop being yourself	 because you're great __																																			I wish. So badly. That I could just be one of the normal people. Who live on autopilot. And can't/don't make themselves completely self-aware. Who don't practice introspection	 self-examiniation. Because those people have friends. They have relationships. They fit somewhere in this world.																																			Thank you for sharing. I do hope you shared with the lady at the pool how hard you were working.																																				Plz gab. Plz I wanna know more																																				you look beautiful today Gabby. In fact you are one of the most beautiful girls I've ever seen. I really want you to know that I admire you so much and hope you learn to see what I do! ok cheesefest over ______																																				I have been skinny all my life but since i hit the teen years its been easier to gain. The problem is it all goes to my hips. So now i have to keep skinny to avoid looking like a raindrop :( Btw gabs im so proud of you, youre a very strong woman. I stopped eating meat for big health reasons and im hoping its effective (fingers crossed)																																				Please go into more detail																																				I had the leader of a club I was in call me fat and I changed my eating habits without noticing after I downloaded an app that said I should eat 1	300 calories to lose weight fast. My friend noticed I was eating almost nothing and my excuse was that work kept me so busy and I didn't work long enough to get a lunch. But one day I logged my calories I saw I only had 400....																																			for soe reasons Gabbie o.O this video made me hungry xD																																				YOU ARE BEAUTIFUL																																				Gabbie dont worrie what people think of you cause the people who say something rude to you they probley have more flause then theyre saying about you_																																				I'm so proud of you	 Gabby! You are really brave to have shared this and what you have been through is inspirational. You are so gorgeous and an inspiration to children and teens. I am 15 but have had a crazy life with cancer and other things I won't go into	 some people just think teens are bitches when they have been through more than they imagine. People think it's easy being a teen or just a human in this generation but things have changed. I love you Gabby	 keep being strong.																																	I have Anorexia & Bulimia	 so I can without a doubt relate to all that your saying! I get it	 I understand... _ I've had these eating disorders for over 10 years now.. But just so you know? You ARE skinny!!! You look great and not in any way overweight! _ Sending you a bunch of love and positivity from Denmark!!! __ (Scandinavia	 Europe)..																																	thank u gabbie																																				Your body is just as beautiful as you are Gabi. Don't let anybody tell you otherwise. TBH I wish I could tell myself that too. But ily____																																				I'm on Ricegums side here	 she is the biggest hypocrites I've ever seen	 she says she does not respect people who use clickbait	 bust uses it herself. idgaf who says I'm wrong	 just because the fanboys and fangirls deny doesn't mean its not true.																																Wow this is such a beautiful video																																				Please make another video with more details																																				I don't believe that I am fat	 but I don't eat much. like at all. In fact	 today I only had Cereal. I weigh 95 pounds. Do I have a eating disorder? Please tell me.																																		Love u Gab __________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________																																				Thanks Gabbie I really needed to hear what you had to say I struggle with my weight and I try so hard to lose and feel like I'm always failing I'm trying to accept my body for what it is and work on it slowly so thanks for this it made me feel better ______																																				I'm 11 and I weigh 95 pounds	 I compare myself to a best friend because she told me I'm fat.																																			thank you for talking about this Gabbie																																				If you don't mind I would like to hear your whole journey. Glad to hear you got help gabbie your always good enough for us love you																																				you never think that pretty girls have things like this happen to them. when I look at her she is beautiful and hot and sexy like gabbie is 100% girlfriend goals.																																				Have nothing to say but just say thank you because people told me that I am fat I tried every method to lose weight I did detox and everything I am going to the and eating not that much eating healthy and my cousin has a perfect body and I just so wanted her body but what u sad it made me think ...do I wanted her body?yes..,but now I want my body but I only thought that because I looked my self in the mirror and thought I am never gonna be able to change...but I guess that's not the case anymore Thanks ____																																				I look up to Gabbie so much and it's so inspiring to know that she went through/ is going through the exact same thing that I am. It helps to know that I'm not alone and that I can get through it. You have no idea how bad I needed this video. Thank you for sharing your story__																																				You are beautiful. I'm sorry to hear you have ever felt fat or ugly because you are from it. What you said in this video was well put and really nice to hear. Thank you																																				____																																				inspirational! made me reflect! (DETAIL) PLS																																				Gabbie	 you almost made me burst into tears. I so needed to hear this. Thank you	 you're such an inspiration.																																		Hey there gabs I just wanted to say as that girl who's almost always been skinny or considered thin. That the pressure of staying thin and skinny is hard it gets to you when people say you've gained weight or that you're fat. Or that you eat too much	 I wanted to thank you for sharing your story and being honest with your struggle. You do you gabs and you're beautiful inside and out.																																			Damn this kinda hit me.																																				________________________________________________________________________________________																																				i love u so much																																				I don't think she knows talking about her life can change another's. I'm 13 and weigh over 140. I've been heavy ever since the 3rd grade when guys started to notice me and I saw them talking about me so I assumed that I needed to change because I didn't want them to notice me. I started putting on weight. After 4th grade	 habits formed and I couldn't stop. My friend was killed in a hit and run and I developed depression and anxiety	 and food was my escape. Now i'm going into 8th grade	 and have friends that really help and support me. I feel a little more comfortable now with myself	 but my parents think I need to be skinny like my sister. Can someone please help? Dieting isn't working	 and sports aren't my thing.																															post more I watch all of your vines and story I love them all																																				I feel her pain... __ I also have a disorder..																																				I love you and all your videos. Its great how you make funny videos and serious videos. You're perfect btw.																																				I...just don't know how to respond to this...I think of Gabbie as kinda of skinny and I feel really fat...But everyone is beautiful...Thanks Gab for the message																																				Thank you so much for sharing this	 it is so influential and helpful.																																			i love you so much gabbie!!!!!!! really inspiring video!																																				Thank you for sharing. It scares me how much that sounds like me. Honestly I look up to you and a few other you-tubers and it means a lot that you would share this with us. You are incredibly strong in my eyes ____ (if you are reading this that means the stress of commenting didn't with this time__)																																				This video was very inspirational	__especially for an individual like me who sometimes worries too much about their imperfections. But	 never forget to embrace yourselves!!__ If anybody has a goal for something just know that u can do it!__ and nothings impossible if u just believe in yourself!__ and if u do have imperfections that need help like	 no self esteem	 being negative	 putting people down	 or selfishness	 try to change!__ it's never too late.__																													I was on the phone with my friend and I told him my stomach hurts. He asked if I was sick or hungry. I told him I hadn't eaten in around two weeks but I was prolly sick. I could hear in his voice that he was about to cry. He told me to eat something. I went to the kitchen. Stood by the trash can took a bite and spit it out. I told him that I was spitting it out. I ate the day after that. Then I didn't eat for a week. Ate again and been eating for a week. I haven't been eating for the past week besides little things and when I did I threw up. Me and three friends walked to a restaurant	 we're we ate. I ate a full meal today came home and cried. ____																																			omg this really changed the way i look at my body and everything now. like i realized how much i am comparing myself to others. thank you so much gabbie. <3 this is why i love you so much __ __ __																																				Hey let's fill the comments with these! ______________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________																																				Love you Gabbie!! ______________																																				I have eating disorders to the point where I won't eat days at a time yet my parents don't know. I have no confidence what so ever. I feel worthless all the time. but you help me. you and your attitude towards life helps me. hearing your insane stories make me smile. they give me hope. thank you.																																				Wow this is really inspiring I am not happy with the way I look but this video made me have a change in perspective thank you gabby it means the world____																																				Gab I love and you are being amazing just be you and stay amozing. Love yah stay strong__																																				Gabbie	 you are beautiful. Don't let anyone tell you different.																																			This was so inspirational ____________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________ ILYSM __________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________																																				I don't look at the scale. as long as I'm confident in how I look	 then I'm fine with myslef																																			DETAILS DETAILS DETAILS!!!																																				__																																				you big nose ass bitch																																				You are the most inspiring person I know. You have taught me to love myself for who I am and I thank you for that. The things I have learned from you not only impact me in the moment but teach me how to have self confidence in the future. Ily__																																				Rice Gum																																				Luv u gabbie ________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________																																				I went through almost the EXACT same thing when I was younger. I had REALLY bad anxiety and I couldn't eat. i literally would chew my food and spit it out just like u said. I lost soooo much weight that I was like 1lb away from having to be out on a feeding tube. I scared my family so much. The only difference between what I went through and what you did was I wasn't worried about my weight i was worried about throwing up. I went through a lot of therapy	 went to hospitals and had to be put on adult medicine at the age of 8. I've been on medication ever since and still go to the psychiatrist to this day. luckily i was put on a medicine that helped my eating disorder stop and now years later I am average weight for my age. I do still have anxiety tho it just doesn't affect me as much. I'm really glad you made a video. you are amazing and very inspiring. thank you for all you do for us. just thank you.																																			"Thank you so much, this really inspired me. I know my friends are skinnier than me, so I always assumed I was classified as the larger friend, the friend who was made to make her other friends look better. I've had moments when I've wanted to just throw up everything I had eaten after realizing how much I had eaten. For 2 years as a child I would be scared to eat in front of people. I would be scared that they would judge me by my eating habits, or I would compare myself to their eating habits. I would also cry at night while watching the perfect you tuber or model going on and on about a product or a story, while wearing their designer makeup and outfits. I would sit down, and o would cover up my stomach in class so one of the cute boys would think I was fat. This really picked my head up, and I'm not just saying this as a viewer who ""doesn't know what she's talking about"". I'm saying it to you a person who is really struggling to feel better about herself. Thank you.__"																																				Gosh	 this made me a bit emotional. I think Gabbie should be a motivational speaker or something because this REALLY moved me. I don't exactly relate to the eating disorder part	 but i related to everything else. And honestly	 she makes me feel more confident with myself which is just what i need. I just love Gabbie so much	 and i hope she knows that she makes a difference to everyone that watches her. <3																																I would like to know the details and deeper into it. Maybe we can both help each other :)																																				"My heart dropped when she said ""I don't want to get in details on the "" her hand movements makes me feel she a combination of bulimia and anorexia. Stay strong __"																																				____________																																				Dear Gabbie this video inspired me soooooooo much ever since I was little I've been called fat and I would get bullied a lot sometimes I would go crying to my mom ( keep in mine I was in 1st grade ) and I would not eat sometimes and it came to the point where if I ate I felt fat now I'm in 7th grade and this still kinda happens and sometimes i compare my self with my friends or family members and it makes me feel so bad but watching this video is gonna change me maybe not a lot but I'll try . little by little __																																				You're beautiful ____																																				You are fabulous! ________																																				you are gorgeous babe. you are definitely my goals																																				She reminds me of Vanessa (BB17) and Tiffany (BB18) from Big Brother.																																				Thank you so much for sharing your experience with this	 Gabbie. It really is inspiring	 and I'm at the same place in life as you with all of this. But it's hard not to fall back into those bad habits sometimes	 so it's really nice to hear this and be reminded of what's best for your body and the real goals you should keep in mind for yourself																																	____________________																																				comparison will kill you.																																				AMEN GABBIE!!! Proud of you sharing a story about yourself that other young women can relate to and hopefully encourages them for the better. Nice job and btw you are not far and never were from any of your videos																																				your body is amazing! ____																																				Omg gabbi I'm so sorry that you had to do that. I love you so so much																																				This made me subscribe to you gab ____																																				I feel you Gabbie. I always fell like I'm fat (although everyone says I'm not) I weigh 82 or 84 pounds and I'm 11 years old. I always have fat on my stomach and I want to get rid of it but it always comes back. Can anyone help me? Am I too fat for and 11 yr old?																																				"""your before photo could be someone's after photo"" YES"																																				This is honestly my favourite and most real video I've seen on youtube. This has inspired me a lot	ÊLove you Gabi keep up the good work! xxx																																			u r skinny gabbie																																				Question	 why are some people disliking this? I mean it's so inspirational! I have no idea why people hate her. I love Gabbi so much! She is an amazing person	 and role model. If you thought that any of this video was like stupid or dumb	 it's not. This video really hit me. Gabbi you are freaking amazing! Ily! __																																	"Gabbie isn't ""fat"" she's just curvy __"																																				go vegan you wont get fat by not eating fat																																				Seriously wishing I had your body over mine any day																																				This is beautiful. I'm so proud of you and thank you for this message. I hope you can be 100% happy with yourself very very soon																																				Wow i actually relate to this story alot because for me personally i was huge at 10 years old and really short so i litterally looked like a rolly polly olly and i was bullied harshly through the ages of 8-12 years old ( 12 being the age i lost all the weight ) and yet somehow to this day i feel like im huge and gross and that i need to lose weight. It feels like conciously i know im not huge but subconciously i always pay attention to numbers and what i eat and how much ive worked out for the day but i feel like no matter how much i try to make myself feel good about being the way i am those memories of the bullying and constant reminders from pictures of when i was young make me feel far less adequate than everyone else which i know isnt okay but i honestly cant help but feeling this way	 however seing what you had to go through and knowing that im not alone makes me feel a hell of alot better about myself gabbie thanks ____( btw im 16 years old and im 5'5 and 125 lbs now )																																			I love seeing positive videos! I have a lot of the same struggles. I always feel like I'm not good enough but I try to stay positive and seeing videos like this helps a lot of woman I hope you know that! Fuck anyone whose ever said your fat! The only kind of fat you are is P.H.A.T!! __Stay positive!																																				i almost cried lol and i used to think i was getting a little bit fat even though im not close to being fat but i used to look at all the cooler kids cause they were skinnier and i would just get all sad about it cause everytime i was around them i would suck in hoping they think im skinny even though i was and i have a friends who would say they are fat and wish they had my body then they started getting depressed and started cutting them self and ive been helping them and now we run together and eat healthier and shes now skinnier than me but things have been getting better and you are not fat at all and sometime i would talk to my friends about how so many people are rude to you cause they call you fat and a whore and i would should them your post on instagram and your vines and your videos and they would just rant with me on how its bull crap that your not fat cause your not at all but yeah i love you and you are the best lol sorry about the grammar just to lazy to correct it																																				Gabbie	 after watching this video.. it hit me hard. I have watched you for years and ever since I started watching you	 you have made me fell happier. Before I started watching you I was SO insecure. Everything I did was wrong. Thoughts about my weight	 my food	 how I dress	 how I looked. All of these things haunted	 I was miserable to be me. The more and more I watched you	 the more comfortable I got with myself. You are so confident about basically everything and your were (and still are) my goal. Last year I came out as Bisexual	 I asked out the girl of my dreams	 and I have you to thank for that. So thank you..																											Can I just ________________________________________________________________________________________________																																				Getting ready to go to the bars tonight with my friends and I'm trying on so many outfits and have a judgement for everyone. I really really needed to see this video before I left and if I need to watch this everyday till I accept myself then I will. Thank you for this video you're an amazing human being Gabbie and you have impacted so many lives. You're so beautiful and so smart and I hope you fully realize this 180 degrees in all angles __																																				"U never looked fat Gabbie. I have a leaky gut is what it's called. It makes u gain weight really easy and u could have allergies to a lot of things. So I am very over weight and people pick on me for it but you're right. A quote I like to remember is "" Don't judge my story by the chapter u walled in on."""																																				I think I might have an eating disorder too... I eat 5-6 meals a day with constant snacking in between. But somehow I'm only 105 lbs... What since does that make?																																				THIS IS AMAZING GABBIE! PREACH ILY																																				in depth please i have always been underweight and see so many doctors and try so many different things to gain weight so i'd like to know the other side																																				I love what you are doing lately gabbie. don't ever be scared to put your voice out there. not everyone will like it but it'll help someone. you had to be very strong to go out there and talk about your personal struggles.																																				I'm sorry but the intro music thing is so ironic																																				this actually helps me alot more thank you for being such an impact in my life																																				You're so beautiful and an amazing person. Good for you for sharing your story__																																				I..i don't have inspiring things to say but I hope you read comments from more inspirational people and enjoy them ....that's the best I can do .																																				Hey Gabbie! Will you please do a Draw My Life video? Please?! Anyone else agree?																																				i feel you. I lost weight at one point and thought i was never losing weight so i stopped and gained over 50 pounds and people started asking me why did i stop that i was doing so good you were like a tiny person and now u let yourself go																																				the presence of someone else's beauty is NOT THE ABSENCE OF YOUR OWN																																				Wow	 this video is truly amazing	 thanks for making it. I know what it is to hit rock bottom	 and I've had an eating disorder before so I was able to relate to a while lot of things. This video really made me smile	 I'll be honest I actually unsubscribed to you a long time ago	 I forgot why	 but I'm subscribed to you again and I have so much more respect for you now. I feel bad that it took me a video like this to respect you as much as I do now	 so I apologize	 but I guess what I'm trying to get to here is thank you. Maybe you don't know it	 but this video WILL help people	 you have tons of subscribers	 so this will definitely influence and reach people in the best was possible. Seriously	 thank you	 I just wish I had seen this while I was going through my own struggles. :-)																							"When Gabbie said ""Don't ever assume that you know somebody. You don't know their struggles, you don't know what they've been through, and you sure as hell don't know their demons."" That was my absolute favorite part. It also reminded me of Twenty ¯ne Pil¿ts particularly the song kitchen sink. Love you, Gabbie _"																																				i have a eating disorder																																				first preach second you are skiny pritty inteugeng women you go girl																																				awe gabby were all here for you <3																																				this was so inspirational																																				i love you !!																																				i want to know bc im struggling w/ that																																				Here if anything Gabbie ilsm______																																				gabbie your perfect the way you are																																				"no, you're just right I think;)"																																				I have SO much in common with you it's amazing tbh																																				Gabbie	 I understand exactly what you're going through. It's has taken me FOREVER to love my body. Still have some bad days but I have more good. I always hated to look at myself in the mirror because it would just bring me down so much. But to look back and see how much you've grown and come to love the skin your in is amazing. Also to have friends and the people you love around you to tell you how far you've come is even more amazing. Dating my boyfriend has made me insanely more confident because he always tells me I'm beautiful and I when I look at myself in the mirror I actually smile!? Like what!? Keep being the inspiring human being you are	 don't ever let anyone or even your self bring you down. ______________________																																		Thank you so much for making this video Gabs	 I hope you know know how big of an impact you are on our lives and how much I appreciate you and your amazing content.																																			Thank you I needed this __																																				HOLY SHIT I JUST NOTICED GABBIE IS ALSO FROM CLEVVER WOAH																																				I have such bad anxiety now that I look at it.																																				Honestly	 thank you sooooooooooooo much	 you don't know how much i needed those words you have spoken to me	 thank you																																	I can relate to this so much .__																																				Hey Gabbie- I just have to tell you that I admire you for so so so many reasons. I have anxiety and PTSD, I've known I've had it for years. It didn't dawn on me until last year that I've struggled with eating disorders since I was 15! I'm 22 now. You've inspired me to get back into therapy and to address these eating disorders in a better way. You're amazing, please don't ever stop being you. Btw your hair is goals!!! Much love! Aly __																																				"Okay so here's the thing, I'm skinny and sometimes I don't eat (even tho' I eat a lot) and in really rare occasions I look in the mirror and I say ""wow I'm gaining weight"" or ""damn, I don't fit here, I need to lose weight"" and I really don't mind getting fatter? (Idek how to explain it)and without noticing at the end of the day I haven't eaten...but I don't mean to not eat...So idk what's up with me...can somebody tell me? Do I have an eating disorder?"																																				Gabbie	 i look at you every photo and video and wish I looked like you. You are my goals and im not much bigger than you.																																			You really inspire me soo much____																																				so much respect for you sharing this with us. made me love watching your videos even more. I'm the opposite	been called too skinny my whole life. but I'm now at a point in my life where I'm happy with how I look. I eat better	work out	and gained weight in the areas that needed improvement. it's a process. but what matters is that you're healthy and happy.																																	Eating disorders fucking suck. I've been trying so hard for the last 6 years to break out of the mentality that it gave me and it's near impossible. If you think that starving yourself	 or throwing up will be a quick one time solution	 it's not. It turns into a life time issue. Not worth it	 love yourself!!!																																	i lovee you so much. i struggled with this for so long. i even got kidney stones because of it. im so proud of you for sharing your story																																				Dude look what you become don't ever let someone tell u that u r fat because your perfect																																				"I've spent the past 7 months dieting, excising and (its hard for me to admit) obsessing over my body. I've lost the 30 lbs I wanted to, but for some reason i'm still not happy sometimes. I've always been the ""chubby"" kid, and I understand what you mean by always being in that ""fat kid"" mentality. Watching this honestly inspired me, I will try to focus more on health and less on numbers :) Thank you for this video and being brave enough to talk about this, It really helped me <3"																																				we want the in depth story of your eating disorder																																				Honestly Gabbie	 I have always struggled with my weight and loving myself	 and this just made me feel amazing. Your video showed me that I am not alone. I	 too have been trying to make healthier decisions and I have been so focused lately by the number on the scale that I was pretty much obsessed. Thank you for posting this. It really made me think about the fact that I am trying my best	 and my health is the most important thing. Not just my jean size or how much I have lost. To some people	 my body is where they want to be	 and I should be proud of how far I have come. Thank you again. I know it was not easy	 so thank you.																													You should go vegan__________ its helped my health and mind in tenfolds																																				__Oh	 sweet Gabby__	 to ve made me cry__. Your my favorite YouTuber ever and I love you so much and some videos I can't watch because it's too mean. And I'm so sad you've struggled because you are goals for me. I think everything about you is gorgeous from your hair to your size (which is) what I'm so trying to be	 to the fact that you run your fingers through constantly__. I really hope I get to meet you in person so I can tell you in person if you don't see this. Love you	 Gabs__________________																																i watched this while eating chocolate and i felt awful																																				So proud of you gab is and if you could do a more in depth version that would be great!																																				Love you so much gabbie ________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________																																				Just saw this video on eating disorders. You can tell from your blushing it was both hard and passionate. WTG!!! Never forget your beauty! you have always been gorgeous... now it's time for you too worry about you. This comming from a skinny kid who at 1 time got to 200... and for 5'7 is not pleasant. Always love yourself... reason why we always like to watch you.																																				You're such an inspiration! ________																																				your fucking gorgeous, don't think any different,natural or with make up,or what ever makes you comfortable																																				you're doing well	 Gabbie.																																			Check out my article on this topic- https://www.theodysseyonline.com/because-size-dictate-beauty You're not alone Gabbie.																																				Girl....been there	 done that....especially in college. It's really hard to acknowledge that you might have a problem. It took me years. I'm so proud of you! This 30+ dumb dumb can tell you	 it will get better. It never goes away	 but you are making fantastic progress as clearly making this video is a testament. Keep up the good work!																																	I love you so much I know what you went through and I wanna thank you for sharing this with us. I love you																																				The weird thing I only find with my stomach is all my weight/fat there goes straight to the bottom half	 instead of evening it out	 so when I'm wearing a bikini or something	 I look fatter than I actually am. You can still visibly see my lungs/ribs but I'm fat enough on the bottom half of my stomach	 I personally dislike that																																"I love your stories, colabs, vlogs, shenanigans, etc. (you know, the general fuckery) and am SO IMPRESSED with your recent videos with more serious topics at their core. It would be easy to stick to the funny stuff (and when it's funny IT'S FUNNY - esp. the last year and a half!). BUT instead of playing it safe you are utilizing the voice you have cultivated for yourself by doing all those hilarious things and by telling your outlandishly spectacular stories and you're reaching out. Reaching to connect with your show stopper fam and say: let's talk about it; lets address a topic that may feel uncomfortable to talk about but is something we need to, as a society, start addressing. You are taking a risk with your livelihood potentially loosing subscribers because these topics can be so polarizing. You're doing it despite all that, and I thank you. Alone, each individual little voice may not be able to accomplish a lot BUT united they can become a great force. Thank you for adding your voice - I love hearing it. Love you Gabby!!!!!!"																																				YOURE SOOOOOOO AMAZIING ____________																																				Bitch stfu																																				I love this video so much! You are so brave for sharing this story	 and you said some really powerful stuff.																																			I have a pillow that smells like oatmeal																																				Gabbie I've watched your journey	 sometimes I'll go back and look at some of your older videos and the transformation is incredible and inspiring. I've always thought you were funny	 brilliant and beautiful. You have a radiance and a confidence that helped me learn to love myself. I'm sorry you've struggled so much but you're doing such a good job and you're inspiring so many young people who are watching your videos. Keep it up! ______																																		+ The Gabbie Show I read through most of the comments	 and they were all sooo positive. I love the fact that people are supporting you through such a hard time in your life... I am glad that you took it upon yourself to work through it	 and make a whole video on it. It is amazing to see that so many people are so supportive and complimenting you and saying you are perfect just the way you are ('Cause it's true) and that you inspire them . I think we need more people like you in this world	 and I'm not just saying that... I really mean it.																																	"can you do a more in depth video on how you started eating more and working out and actually starting to lose weight? i eat about 500-800 calories a day like you did and think that im eating enough and i never ever lose weight. my minds like, ""you're not losing weight bc you're eating too much"" and just im having a really hard time thanks for posting this ______"																																				I have an eating disorder. I don't eat meat	 fruits or vegetables very often. I eat junk food All the time... It's discouraging... :(																																			Thank you for this																																				____________________																																				I love u gabbie __																																				Gabbie	 your beautiful and your healthy. Dont EVER let ANYONE call u fat.																																			i was thinking one day	 how could anyone be friends with me? Im stupid	 crazy	 weird	 and ask a lot of dumb questions. Then one day my friend told me the oposite.																																you are literally the most beautiful human being! i experience the same thing and it takes work and you the most awesome inspirational person																																				I was diagnosed with anorexia when I was 11	 and I didn't even know what it was.																																			@the gabbie show you are my favorite youtuber ever you hope you see his because you are amazing and beautiful i look up to you as a role model																																				Her background looks like Miranda Sings																																				I want her body I have a fat gross stomach __																																				This is one of my favorite videos! When I was young I was always told I was fat because other girls my age where skinnier, but I was just taller and had a bigger body, which was beautiful. That led me to eating disorders and to gain real weight and be fatter... but now I'm at a point in my life where I am centered in making healthy choices for my body and mind.______ Every body is beautiful! As long as you are healthy, that's all that matters!!!! I love you Gabbie , thank you so much for sharing your story__________________________																																				Anyone here remember when she was rude to Ricegum. If not check his channel out with him roasting this lying hippercrit. Smh																																				If you don't eat	 you actually gain weight	 so don't starve yourselves	 guys!																																	Oh Gabbie you are such a beautiful soul! I actually love hearing your stories about your struggles in life because you have such an influence over your followers that you send so many positive vibes and messages. Plus not many youtubers talk about such serious issues. This one hit home for me it just reminded me of my sister. Love you gab keep going strong! ____																																				You looked like you were going to cry for the whole video! And you sounded like it	 too. :( Hugs																																			Gabbie Awww I love you anyway. ______ Have some Plants with Pants, Gabby. ______ ______ (They're a boy band) :3																																				Everywhere I go I get bullied that I'm fat even my own family says that and it really bothers me. :(																																				You are beautiful inside and out Gabbie :D																																				PREACH GIRL!!! ________________																																				My sister struggled/struggles with anorexia. She went to a hospital for it last summer. It was one of the worst points in my life. I have anorexia as well	 but I refuse to give anyone I know even the slightest clue of what I'm feeling. I'm told I'm not fat. I have a slight thigh gap	my stomach is thin so I'm told.I don't think it is. I feel insecure in bikinis	 but my friends say I'm skinny. I don't feel like it though because I have friends with perfect stomachs and thin waists while I have a little extra fat and their legs are a bit skinnier than mine. I feel awful because I work out almost everyday and if I eat multiple snacks	I make my actual meals smaller and healthier	 and even if I had no extra fat on my stomach area I feel i still look fat bc my hip bones&rib cage are big and boney bc ugly bone structure and I feel it makes me look fatter than I am	&it makes my back look broad/ugly but I never feel skinny.This is the first time I've admitted this to myself or to anyone else.																														Oh,Gabbie. <3 <3 I love you so much.																																				Omg!....__I know how you feel seriously																																				I love you so much! I recently cut meat out of my diet to lose weight for volleyball season and I keep wondering if it's the right decision. But I have noticed I am starting to not compare myself to other people who are skinnier than me and I have noticed that I am losing some weight. But I still am very aware of my body/fat. And I am so scared to get on a scale to see how much I weigh. I haven't been on a scale in years. And I am so scared that I will one day develop a eating disorder and I'm scared I won't lose weight. But this video really encouraged me to not care and the weight and if I feel good and if I'm health that's all that matters! Thank you!																																				It's a wonderful thing to put something like this out there for others to see. Some people may secretly be struggling and afraid	 and something like this from someone they admire and relate to can mean a lot. You went out on a limb to put this out there	 and like you said	 making yourself vulnerable to the masses. It takes a brave	 confident	 and considerate person to do something like this. Also it proves that you genuinely care about others	 which is a thing I believe a lot of society has lost touch with considering the fact that there can be a lot of self involved people around us on a daily basis. Good job my dear and I commend you for being a wonderfully brave person and helping others and providing others with genuine advice	 entertainment	 and correlation. Much love from Pittsburgh!																												"when you said ""your before picture might be someone's goals"" , that hit me hard. I've struggled with some things and that really was just... woah. love you gabbie! ____"																																				you're never alone	 so many people go through this and I'm so happy that you've shared. i love you <3333																																			Thank you Gabbie	 this has been very helpful to me. I've had personal issues with things like this and I really needed to hear motivation like this. I'll still need more	 but you are getting me on the right track__																																		don't ever change																																				to be honest I wish that I had her body because she is beautiful and no one should call her fat I think I'm fat because a lot of my friends are skinny and because most of them I look up to I think I'm fat so they are skinny so I would give anything to be skinny and eat all I won't and not get fat I love you don't ever think your fat gabby I love you																																				Hey Gabbie what you said really touched me	 ever since I was born I was told by my dad that being fat was going to get you no where in life and that since I was only heavier one in my family besides my mom we both got a lot of hate. my mom has troubles and me myself well I choose to vent to my friends and keep y dad distant. my dad is also the type of guy to have favourites	 to explain if my brother was eating a tub if ice cream with just a spoon and watching TV all day my dad would walk on pass. but if i was in my brothers place at that moment i would get yelled at and told that I'm getting fat and stupid watching TV all day and that ice cream only makes me fatter. there was a point in my life that I actually did nit eat for 3 days ( maybe like a apple for meals). my friends where super helpful	but my dad on the other hand just asked me what sport I'm doing in high school. this tested my strength and I ended up going to a Christian conference for a week in Nebraska. there I grew closer to god and was drawn to do things with my body	 maybe even start a body shaming campaign	 tho I don't know where to start. anyway thanks for listening and I hope that all those who may struggle with the same thing I am going through that they find great friends that show them the way and that they know that God loves them and he had sent his only son Jesus Christ to dis on the cross for us. May God bless you have a great day																															"what makes me really happy about this is that gabby edited out the parts where she was getting teary eyed so that it didnt seem like a ""poor me"" type video. this is why i really respect her, she didnt want views she wanted to help people"																																				your beautiful																																				im just afraid ill never be happy with myself.																																				I love you Gabbie																																				Your not fat	 people are messed up. Your fabulous and I wished I had your body.																																			I'm glad people like you exist_																																				thank you for this	 it really helped me. it really	 really helped me.																																		This sort of thing melts my heart.who ever called u fat	forget them they are hatesr coz they are too skinny and dont let anyone tell u ur fat ur beautiful just the way u are.ive been watching u for 3 years and every video makes me laugh or make me feel for u. contine u being who u wanna be(sorry if anything is spelt wrong)																																			________________________________________________________________________																																				Gabbie you are so beautiful!! Don't listen to anyone who puts you down!!																																				your ok gabbieeeee ________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________																																				this was really powerful	 love you Gabbie																																			this may sound weird but my best friend	 my boyfriend and I were talking about imaginary dating (like dating celebs) and he said he had a huge crush on u for almost a year and i was like omg yes shes so hot!! lysm heart																																			"I at one point I was maybe 13-14 years old thought I was fat. I went weeks only eating once a day and it was only on small portion of a selection of food. A boy that I liked had noticed this and he said to me ""If you don't start eating more, I am going to stop being your friend completely, because I don't want to lose you to starvation. Please."" and everyone just looked at me and waited for my answer. I didn't know my crush and my friends were paying attention to how I Wasn't eating it made me feel bad that I worried them so much."																																				You are beautiful whoever you are	 no matter what. the only way to be fully healthy is to believe that you can be amazing without changing who you are.																																			Guys	 we need to create a group that will report negative comments Gabbie gets on YouTube and remind her that she's beautiful!																																			This video made me cry																																				Vegan	 eat as much as you want	 don't count calories	 weight falls off!																																	I love you gabbie and you are a beautiful human being!! ________________________________________________________________________________________________________________																																				I started crying. I do not have an eating disorder but i do compare myself so much to other people. Gabbie i love you the way you are and i would love to look like you. love you so much. thank you for being my inspiration and motivation! <3																																				this is so brave of you!! I don't battle with an eating disorder	 but I understand anxiety. I also go to a therapist	 so I understand those eye-opening moments. But thank you so much for posting this. Love you!! God bless xoxo																																		Omg This is actually inspiring me because for the past 4 years I keep thinking that I'm so fat and some people say that I'm like goals but I felt like they are lying omg this helped me so much thank u																																				"""Comparison is the root of all evil and the killer of happiness"" YAAAS!"																																				I still love u Gabbie																																				I know you may not see this comment but i love you and I really will look back on this video because it has made me stronger I have always compared myself to my friends who I label as skinny and perfect but the I look and my self and label myself as fat. This video has made me stronger people always tell me I'm not fat but then I think would they lie to me and I don't know anymore so. I know have someone too look up to and show me that I don't have to compare myself to love myself. I can love myself no matter what. I let people label me I then believe it so many people have called me fat and my birthday is on the 21st I'm turning 13 and idk how many times I have been called fat. But this video has REALLY made me stronger! Thank you	 love you__																																			this really spoke to me.. I love you_																																				It's been five years since I was in treatment for anorexia. I've been in recovery since then and it's been very difficult but very rewarding. Keep fighting! Everyone struggling keep fighting for recovery and freedom! It's possible and worth everything. I got my life back. I am so proud of you Gabbie for speaking up and sharing your story will help others. You are amazing! Keep fighting and never give up. You're such an amazing and strong person	 you can overcome this!																																			This video touched my heart so badly!!! Your right!! You just have to feel good in ya skin!!! I use to be pretty fat too like ever since I was born I have been either plum or just round! And I hated that when I was growing up!! I was so aware of my appearance and I'm literally the meaning of vanity!!! If I don't look good then I will force myself to look good!! And that made me insane and even my friends could see that I was going insane!! They said that I became a bitch... And for me to hear that I just bald tears!!! Coz I was sorry of what I was becoming...																																				This is the best__gabbie you have so much courage and I love you so much__																																				We're all here for you Gabbie ____ A lot of people have the same problem... You're not alone __																																				______																																				So glad you decided to speak out about this! I'm currently in recovery for anorexia and was released from residential treatment a few months ago. I love you so much	 Gabbie. You never cease to inspire me.																																			I can relate to this video so much sadly. Thank you for making this.																																				Wow I think I just realized that I might have an eating disorder...																																				Gabbie It's gonna be ok where here for u																																				Gabble your not fat and if you think you are you still have a lot going for you your eyes hair friends family fans and I think your BEAUTIFUL in every kind of way so what if people say mean thing karma is going to get them back and their probably jealous I think your so funny so please don't lie to your self and call your self fat.																																				I love you to death Gabbie	 I'm so glad that made this video I'm sure you just helped so many people	 you are an incredible person	 keep showing that confidence	 and be the best you can be for you and for everyone else.																																____________________________________________																																				Gabbie	 you are so not fat. Look a t you! Don't worry about all the haters	 bc they only hate you cuz they ain't u! I love u so much Gabbie. You are so Gorgeous	 skinny	 and funny. Don't EVER let people bring you down. I have felt the same as you for a couple years. Like I could be skinner and i could be prettier all I need to do is try. But I always still compare myself to someone else. And I'm 13! But Gabbie. Please never worry about your heaters because your TRUE fans don't care about your outside appearance we care about YOU!																																I know I'm not too fat but I feel really unhealthy	 I hate group sports and being judged so I want to run at times but after 10/15 minutes my ankle starts feeling sore	 and then it's just painful.																																		love you gabbie __																																				We all love you Gabbie	 no matter what																																			Thank you for sharing this __																																				This hit really close home... When I was 11 years old I was 5.3 feet tall (162 cm) and everybody told me all the time that I was too tall and too fat and I used to feel so ashamed because of that	 guys in high school used to be shorter than me! I'm 19 now and I'm still 5.3 but I always feel taller or bigger that all of my friends even if some of them say that I'm quite short	 when I look for a guy the first thing I look is if he is taller than me so I don't have to feel tall even in high heels... I don't know why I still feel in that way																																		love you Gabbi_______________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________																																				Gabbie you're such an inspiration.																																				"I've struggled with an eating disorder for 3 years now and this was exactly what I needed. ""It's not about losing weight, it's about gaining confidence."" Thank you for being an answer to my prayers Gabbie!"																																				I am young and I weigh 165 pounds I call myself disgusting and shame myself daily and I go to a gym but I haven't lost weight cause I always end up stuffing my face after and it undos all my work I hate my self and always have and I work each and everyday to try to love myself but it is very hard let alone being called fat daily																																				Thank you Gabbie	 that's all I can say. Thank you! <3																																			are gabbie and shane dating?																																				I am so proud that you turned your life around and are happy in your own body																																				I love this	 and you so much																																			Love you Gabbie your beautiful																																				wow this video really got to me! Thanks Gabby	 watching ur snaps about you working out with ur trainer and ive actually been seeing results and seeing u getting toned and in shape really helped me and it made me want to get a trainer. Now i have a trainer and started working out with him to get in shape and toned. Ive been stressing a lot about what to eat and what not to eat	 can i eat this or not. Ive been stressing over it a lot.																																		"I complimented my friend a couple of months ago because she started wearing makeup and she thought that was the only way for her to show her true beauty and I put a note in her locker that said ""you are beautiful. I don't know who told you to change yourself but they are so wrong. you are the most beautiful and amazing best friend I have ever had. if you want to keep wearing makeup, that's ok as long as your happy. but just know, that underneath all of that makeup is my bootyful Izzy""__ and the next day she came up to me crying and she gave me a hug and thanked me so many times"																																				I love you SM gabby																																				My Gabbie																																				Gabi is thick	 not fat.																																			I went through this Gabbie I was so self conscious about my weight but now imp got threw it and I'm glad you did to Gabb																																				I would like to hear an in depth story of your journey! Stay strong	 stay beautiful Gabbie xx Ireland																																			Gab you are beautiful and perfect just the way you are and I don't know about every one else but I don't care about your size or anyone's size for that matter. You are a role model to me and a beautiful person not just by your looks	 because you are very beautiful	 but by your personality. If you are ever feeling down about the way you look just know there are always people that admire you and think of you as perfect																																		Gabbie	 you are perfect no matter what you look like	 I couldn't care	 your so beautiful and funny and strong which is why I call you an idol ________																																	awh I love this. Proud of you :)																																				Omg whoever tells you or used to tell you that you are fat needs to see an eye doctor like seriously if people think you are fat dont worry theyve got a worse problem they are blind lol																																				I am so proud of you Gabbie. Thank you for sharing your story. I don't think my eating pattern is as bad as yours used to be but I know I have to eat more. Video's like this show me that I'm not alone																																				i fucken love you Gabbie																																				"If anyone knows how to help me, my friend has an eating disorder and I'm really worried about her. She'll eat no breakfast and no lunch and a small dinner. She's 90 pounds at age 14 and she's ""on a diet"" where she loses 20 pounds. I don't want anything to happen to her and I don't know how to help. We've all been trying to get her to eat at lunch but I realized maybe that was worse. I don't know what to do, does anyone have the answer?"																																				She's honestly perfect. This is so inspiring thanks so much gabbie____																																				I thought that this was gonna be like a cheesy video that was trying to get more followers but this is actually nice to watch because she is so freaking honest it's just that I don't see this much																																				I'm suffering anxiety and I do the very same thing of sometimes spitting the food out bc I feel like it gets stuck on my throat !																																				This is amazing. Thank you so much gabbie__																																				L..ÉÉricegum																																				Currently for the life of me I can't eat breakfast. I don't know if it's just a habit or something but I cannot eat breakfast or I will puke everywhere. I Don't think it's an eating disorder	 it's just a habit I've had for a couple of years. I might have to ease myself back into eating breakfast soon. I don't know honestly.																																			Thank you. Just...thank you so much. <3																																				You may not see this but I really admire you for this. This hit me hard and I'm thankful for that. You're going to be okay	 we all love you and admire you. I'll pray for you and your health. Peace & love																																			you are beautiful gabbie anyone tell you your not is lieing to you and they can come to me and I'll tell them to shot up and stop being a hater love you girl ____________																																				I feel like everyone have or had an eating disorder.. i think it's sad that everyone is so Crazy about being thin and so many Girls and Boys get eating disorders because of Society...																																				This hit home... glad you made a video like this. Grew up in a similar situation	 I have close family members commenting on my weight. Getting too big or too skinny	 it seems like no matter what is tried it's never good enough (even to this day). I've accepted that no matter what someone is going to be negative and you can't have a body that is attractive to everyone. Learning to love yourself is so important! It's a slow process but that's all anyone can do is take a step at a time. Live to be love yourself	 be happy and be healthy for you.																																	this really helped me today :)																																				My whole life I was told that I was fat and positive comments now sound like bullshit																																				omg the ending song. :	)																																			I love how although this video is a very serious video in a very serious topic	 you were able to still keep it light and fluffy and a sense. Videos like these are really great but when people are too serious with it it makes me feel little uncomfortable and I like how you kept it in a way casual or something like that. Thank you for that																																			Dude I wish I had her body so bad. I'm huge __																																				Gabble I'm so proud of you for making this video.																																				Yeah eating disorders are no joke. Mine almost killed me. And all while dealing with it hearing constantly how ugly I am and how guys don't want to date skeletons. Comments like eat a sandwich	 when I literally couldn't eat solid foods anymore. At one point I tried to eat crackers and things and my body wasn't processing anything of it. So well over a week of nibble was inside me and my insides literally almost exploded and my body went it to shock and I blacked out . Ppl don't realize eating disorders aren't glamorous or fun there gross. You start to smell. Your hair falls out	 your nails fall off	 zero energy	 full body ache 24-7. You grow hair all over basically. Your skins hanging. And it never fully goes away. Almost dying scared me straight as in I forced myself to feel fat in order to live. You learn to accept some squish over dying very slowly and painfully. And I still have bad days sometimes. But I learned I feel less guilt about eating if it's healthy foods.																																You are an inspiration! More people, including me, need to have the same outlook about their bodies as you do! It is very hard once you are in a rut or hole to get yourself out of it but anyone can do it as long as they want to! Thank you Gabbie for speaking about your experience!! We are very close in age and I still see you as my role model and someone I look up to! Thank you!																																				"""your before photo, might be somebody's goals photo"" well said!!"																																				Hey Gabbie! I know this comment won't help	 because there's probably thousands like this one. But I wanna tell you that you look perfect to me	 and I wouldn't want you any other way than you are	 you can come to me as a skinny or bigger person	 adn I won't treat you Any diferrently																																you're curvy																																				Love you	 Gab!																																			idk why everyone says gabbie is fat even tho she isn't																																				your so inspirational. I love you and respect you for talking about this to help us. I love you so much__																																				We love you Gabbie! You inspire us everyday! Stay Beautiful <3																																				____________________																																				"I feel a lot of the issue concerning eating disorders comes from the fact people (especially girls) have a terrible notion of a balanced diet and consequently how to maintain a healthy weight and health in general. Obviously the human diet is complex, since we are omnivores. But if we had to pick a single most important food group, the choice should be a no brainer. It's proteins, hands down, no contest. Proteins are made of amino acids, which are incredibly important for functional muscles, immune system and every single other organs system. Sadly this comes as a surprise to most people and it's also a reason why most ""diets"" (meaning abrupt, drastic reductions of caloric intake) don't work. These are the most important reasons why: 1. Proteins help maintain muscle mass. Everybody needs muscle mass, especially people who need to lose weight. When people ""diet"" they usually eat low caloric food (good), but also very little protein (bad). The body needs proteins and since it doesn't get any from food it starts to break down muscles. Less muscle means you burn less energy (muscles use a lot of energy even at rest). Reducing calories is fine, but it can't work if it's offset by slower metabolism. It defeats the purpose. Muscles also give the body it's shape. So even if you technically lose weight, you might look worse in the end. Bad diets usually waste away muscle, but the fat remains. 2. Proteins suppress appetite. It might even be difficult to eat as much as you need for some people. Need I say more? 3. General health benefits of proteins include improved immune system (gym rats are never sick) and higher energy levels. Only after proteins are taken into account should other food groups be even considered in a diet. But even that most people get wrong. Fats are better and more useful for your body than carbs. They are mostly fuel (like carbs), but they also have other important functions (brain, nervous system), unlike carbs. Lastly there are vitamins and micro elements (minerals). Any diet containing animal product and vegetables/fruit in any combination (we are omnivores after all) takes care of it. Vegetarians and especially vegans should take special care of vitamin B complex, while meat eaters should supplement vitamin C."																																				To me gabby is not fat. People thinks she is fat because of her big hips. And from her Instagram photos she is curvy with big hips. When I was about 10yrs old I thought I was fat because of my big hips and thighs but turns out I was not even over weight for my age. I just thought that I was looking at my body and pounds. So gabbs if your reading this don't listen to them they are just trolls online that want to make you cry and feel bad! <3 ______________________________________________________________																																				I love you Gabbie you're so inspiring____________________________________________________________________																																				I related so much to this video....i felt like she was telling my story too..which is rare for me to say about any video. Thank you for talking about it..																																				"i have never once thought you were overweight. To me you have always looked exactly how you are supposed to look. It's just your body type. I think you are beautiful. I'm curious how tall you are and how much you weigh though. I'm 5'5 120 lbs. my mom is 5' and recently she told me she weighed 150 and I was shocked because I always thought she seemed so much more petite than me. Just proves that the number on the scale doesn't matter. It can be interesting to know and compare but that's all.It really doesn't mean anything. It's all about how you feel, whether or not you are healthy, your self confidence, etc. those are the things that people see when they look at you. As long as you are happy and health and a good person, , that will always shine through and overshadow any ""faults"" you might have."																																				This is so inspirational	 I love this																																			oh my gosh I want you to be my mom so badly I just want to say that rn																																				I would love to see a more in depth video because I know it would help so many people but only if you want to																																				I LOVE YOU GABBIE																																				Gabbie I love you so much please don't change who you are. one million people love u and you have also be a big influence on me and so many more. love you Gabbie ________																																				I'm anorexic and never told anyone but u gave me the courage to speak up. I'm truly in your dept. Thank You So Much																																				WOW!I'm not even joking... I just noticed	 I have a REAL eating disorder! __																																			plaese make this a series called the thing about us																																				Love you Gab!!!!!																																				Comment Purple Hearts																																				Hi Gaby, I'm French and I also struggle often with eating disorders I came out about it on my Facebook a few days ago, I understand how hard, and frightening it is but also how it can make you feel so good after all Proud of you __ you're beautiful, love																																				Gabbie	 you are a gorgeous and inspiring woman. I have faith that you can continue getting better and being healthier. Keep up the fantastic work and remember all your fans love you!																																			I wish I had your body Gabbie. You have an amazing figure. I get told on a daily basis that I have anorexia and things like that. And I wish i could gain some weight. I try everyday. I love you Gabbie and you are perfect to me <3																																				Thanks Gabbie	 I sometimes worry about weight because when I look at my belly	 it looks like it big but it's just perspective	 I looked in a mirror and it actually is just perspective and I don't even eat properly	 I hate cheese	 chicken	 meat	 pasta	 anything that has any kind of Sauce on it/in it n this video helped me tyy																												"I'm so skinny and I'm trying to gain weight everyone in school calls me flat and I back then I never worried about it cause I was a little girl. But as a grew older everyone started going through puberty and gaining and getting chest and boobs while I stay flat. I'm 14 I already have my period the doctor says I'm healthy but I'm still very skinny I can loose weight easily but gaining is so hard. Yet I have a very slow metabolism. It's honestly so confusing. I want to be thick so people while stop looking at me as a target. People think they can walk all over me cause I'm short and I look like I can't defend myself. I weight 95 pounds Im 4'8. I have a thigh gap which makes it worst. It's just depressing. Mostly Everyone on social media bashes skinny people so they can say ""being thick is better"" or "" fuck a thigh gap thick thighs are better"" anyone can help me? I've tried therapy but my dad doesn't want to pay for it. My mom says therapy is for crazy people Once I told a doctor (woman"																																				Your beautiful! And we are all so proud of you for sharing such a personal hard experience in your life!! X__																																				"""You're before photo might be someone else's goals photo"" really got to me."																																				You're beautiful ________																																				dont ever listen to anyone!! you are BEAUTIFUL	 body	 soul	 and mind!! <3																																	i eat 300 cals a day :(( didn't know it was that little																																				I love you Gabbie. You're doing good. You will always have my full support																																				I can't reply fully because I'm too emotional right now. Have these though ____________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________																																				No one cares hold this fucking L																																				________________________________________________																																				Gabbieeeee. You're perf. Inside & out ______																																				I cried! I love you Gabbie!																																				We love you gab! Your more than perfect the way you are and what you said today was amazing. Thank you! __________________________																																				Coming from someone with some struggles	 if you ever feel the need to talk	 or the need to reach out	 me and everyone else is here for you. Feel free to message me or any of us if you just need to talk	 because on behalf of us	 we get it. Stay strong.																															I love you just the way you are ____																																				Wow... What an eye opener. Thank you Gabbie for having the courage to make this video. You're an importation. I love your videos so much keep doing what you're doing girl. You're beautiful __																																				I weighed 78 lbs in 3rd and 4th grade and was comparing myself to my 64 lb friend and actually thought I was fat :(																																				Awww gabble this was a great lesson																																				Thank you for sharing this story and giving words of encouragement! Ment a lot to me __________																																				omg gabbie thats how i live my life and watching this opened my eyes seriously thanks for this video because if it wasnt for you i wouldnt be able to exept my body and now im gonna go and talk to mu family about it and open myself to them thank you so much ______																																				"I love your point of ""your before photo might be someone's after photo."""																																				______________________																																				This is why I love Gabbie!!!! Yes her personality is amazing since she is sooo funny with all her stories and a lot of people can relate to her. Also she is true to people and helps them and shows us and tells us advise from lessons she learns herself and she helps people even if she doesn't realise it. I am soo proud of Gabbie since she is still strong after all of this. Love you Gabbie!!!!!!!!! (yes this probably doesn't make sense)																																				Gabby your fucking handsome i love everything about you dont be so hard to yourself i would wish i knew a girl like you i only live around fake people and your real i love you i love you so don't hate yourself people are always gonna be hating but haters gonna hate so please love yourself the way you are																																				this really just left me speechless..																																				I love you ________																																				This was such a great video and message and I'm glad you were able to share it with us!! These are things I struggle with also and when you said the thing about having stomach pains and not realizing it as hunger	 it reminded me of when I was 15 and had gone to the doctor thinking I had ulcers but really it was side effects of an eating disorder!																																			Am I the only one who doesn't think she's fat?My profile pic is (Not me) but gabbie isn't.How is anyone unable to see that?																																				I started to cry while watching this video. Gabbie you are a huge inspiration to me and now i see that if you can lose as much weight as you did I can do it too! I love you so much Gabbie!																																				Thank you for speaking about this Gab __ You're such an inspiration and so strong for getting to where you are now. We love you so much!																																				This video means so much to me. Thank you so much Gabbie.																																				Gabbie	 I am so proud to see you go so far. Each step and each struggle leads you to where youre supposed to be. Like you said we all have our struggles and demons	 and even though Im not sure if you will read or respond to my comment	 just know that you have someone who wouldnt mind at all being there for you when you need someone	 especially since I cannot judge you because of my own demons. Keep that beautiful head up. Im honored to be apart of your family <3																																#gorgeous #bodygoals #iloveyougabbie # beyourself																																				__________																																				Thank you Gabbie!!! That so awesome!!! I've had those issues before. I've never dealt with it like you did!! I love you and thank you for being unique and you!! ~Alaina																																				gabbie I know u will never ever see this but u are u never listen to haters . this really helped I always think I am fat but this gave me a lifetime boost. .........p.s u are skinny																																				______love you gabbie (even though i dont watch your videos alot but you just gained alot of respect from me) hope you feel better now and your not fat you amazing the way you are __																																				I have struggled with similar things for majority of my life. thank you so much for making this video it really helped me!																																				"did you tell her you aren't ""naturally"" skinny? or just that you're working to accept your body. I think it'd be just as important for her to know how you are working as it for yourself. I hope you become more comfortable in yourself."																																				You're truly amazing Gab. I'm glad we all have someone like you to look up to __________																																				You are perfect the way you are__everyone is																																				I love you! This was so encouraging to me as I have struggled with a warped body image and eating disorders for years as well.																																				I love you so much gabbie	 thank you for making this video and opening our eyes to what problems some people can have and that you CAN get through it no matter how hard it is this video is honestly inspirational	 thank you again																																		You are such an inspiration Gabbie!! Love you__																																				and i also wanted to say that you r so enspiring.																																				I feel like you use whatever you can these days to get followers. Compelled? Yeah	 by fame.																																			that video really inspired me thank you so very much gabbie.																																				I love u so much ur so funny ur my idol I love ur storytimes____																																				thank you																																				Hey gabbie!! I don't know if you'll see this but we love you so much and will support you with anything your going through! This video meant a lot to me and makes me realize that everyone has insecurities and to stop comparing yourself/myself to other people (a real struggle of mine)..thank you so much for this video																																				Gabby I would love to see in depth story love u gab___																																				ur beautiful gabby. xoxo. could u shout me out plz love u																																				Hey gabbie you probably won't see this but thank you for making this it has really made me stop and think I have been through the same thing with people calling me fat and everything else you said but I have really stopped and thought now and I just want to thank you for that.																																				as women we think that the world wants us to be a certain way. not the case! this video makes me super happy because as a bigger girl it is important to inspire others to want to be healthy and women like you that have struggled and can admit it to her fans is the bomb in my book. being healthy is the life not trying to look like a kardashin or whoever is on the cover of that magazine. focus on you and your mind. my sister tells me you do you booboo	 don't worry about anyone else. and if there are haters that think you can't do it	 ignore them and keep moving even stronger and harder. One day at a time and you can do anything.																																		this really helped alot. all my life I've heard that I was fat and to big and I monstrous giant. I never felt skinny enough or good enough but this helped also maybe realizing that I may have a eating disorder as well																																				Gabbie you're so beautiful ^_^ you're so wonderful	 and even though you have your struggles you have the courage to talk to us about it! the YouTube community is so amazing! I love you!																																			Eating disorders are tough to get over. You should definitely order your food. Alphabetical order	 or by food group on the plate. And then eat a salad instead.																																			"But you're ""eating disorder"" is beaten down when you work out! Keep at it Gabb! __"																																				Gabbie	 you are almost perfect. The reason I say almost is because perfect is media. The media makes the image for others	 perfect isn't real.																																		Legit you should make a book you're so inspirational__________																																				You know what Gabbie	 you are such a wonderful person. I've never viewed you as fat or viewed you as skinny. You're just so funny and loud and inspiring. I love that you made this video and I know that it was hard. But just know	 you're so freaking inspiring. I love watching your videos because I wanna be as funny as you. I'm so glad your ed didn't get really bad. This world wouldn't be the same with you. ________________________________________																																		I always get so upset when I see stupid hate comments on Gabbie's videos and vines bc I can tell it really hurts her. I always had the feeling that she struggled with deeper things and now I see this is true. WE LOVE YOU GABBIE______																																				i watch a lot of videos of people overcoming eating disorders and their stories but none of them have effected me like yours. thank you for sharing this story and your message	 i love you																																			Its my bday today and Im so glad I got to watch this today. This actually hit me hard	 ik someone whos goal is my weight and I feel all the time like I need to look like someone else but through my friends and therapy and you gabs	 I've realized I'm fine because I'm healthy Ily____________________________________																																		you are beautiful																																				So inspirational. I love this video so much and I think its gonna help a lot of people out. Good on you Gabby																																				Thank you Gabs i have also struggled with an ed for a couple of years now and its great to see people who are actually recovering and getting healthy and that it is possible to over come an ed. you have really opened my eyes today and made me realize many things love you soo much gabbie!!!																																				I know you feel. I have a voice in my head telling me im fat, so many people call me fat every dag. I, I just hate myself! I hate my body! I don't eat and I just, can't take it anymore! But i really love you Gab, your my goal__																																				______________________																																				__________																																				Im fat im 130 pounds and barely 11																																				"""Comparison is the route to all evil and the killer of happiness..."" -Gabbie 2016 I dont pay attention to quotes so if someone already said this I'm sorry"																																				I would love to hear more about you! I relate so much to this!																																				Thank you for being courageous and posting this video. I am going through something similar. I think you're really beautiful and funny <3																																				You are so amazing and beautiful and u are NOT fat u are skinny	 it's just your big boobs and butt.																																			yes	 please do a more in depth story of this																																			Thank you Gabbie! This was a great video!																																				YOU ARE THE MOST AMAZING																																				I'm really happy that you have found what works for you and are overcoming your fears. You have a very positive message and i'm so glad that you shared this. There are so many cruel people in the world who can only focus on someone's appearance	 instead of seeing them as a real person. Stay strong through the hate and keep doing you. I would like to hear the whole story	 by the way	 I think that is very interesting and can help other people to look at you and what you have gone through	 and see that they are not alone.																																Im so glad that you're talking about this. Stay strong.																																				im very different	 when i starved myself	 i dropped weight like so fast at LEAST a pound everyday or two pounds or even more	 i guess it depends on our body type																																	You got me to like my first youtube vid in probably three years. You are brave	 valuable	 and important. If you're like me	 you probably glossed over that last sentence. Please read it again. And as often as necessary. You are worth reminding how great you are.																																	"Im so proud of you Gaby. Whoever called you ""Fat"" can go f** themselves, they have no right to hate. Don't let anyone tell you what you are you are not________"																																				Yes	 Gabbie! This was incredible and you're super beautiful. Your body is honestly amazing______ we love you!! Stay healthy.																																			gabbie and every other person out there that's struggling because of there demons if its you could of saved a friend from cutting or been more supportive you cant change it you have to move forward and support them now or help them out of depression check there wrist tell them there beautiful make them know there not alone make them feel happiness do everything in your power to stop them from doing it again make sure that they know your there with them that there not alone gabbie your NOT fat your beautiful just the way your are remember that																																				u R not fat if your fat it is ok don't give up u R beautiful in every single way 																																				purple hearts for gabbie ____________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________																																				We love you Gabbie __ I deal with the same thing __we are here for you																																				I reaaallllly needed this Gabbie	 thank you. _																																			__________________________																																				Shit I love that u can post something as real as this ______																																				U made Me realize I have an eating disorder																																				My respect grows for u each day																																				As a kid I ate normally but later on i hardly ate anything	 later in went back to eating normally but also a little more now I HARDLY ever eat and my mom is so worried lmao I'm not even picky I'm a careless person! Something is wrong with me lol but idc																																			Gabbie	 I've honestly never thought that you're fat. Coming from a girl who is called a stick on a daily basis	 I've always envied your body. It breaks my heart that people have ever called you fat and it's lead to you developing an eating disorder. I'm so sorry that you've been suffering for so many years because of selfish	 ignorant people	 you're such an inspiring and amazing woman - you deserve better. All my love goes to you______																																Relatable it helped______________																																				I really appreciate this video! It really makes me think about my own life. Please make more like this <3																																				If Your Reading This Have A Nice Day _________																																				You are pretty but NOT just just pretty you are an amazing person __																																				Its a good message you're trying to send but seriously... you complaining about being fat is like a snobby rich kid complaining about not living in a 3 story house while they live in a 2 story house. That kid should think about the people who live in trailer homes with no money. And you should think about how actual overweight people feel. You're nowhere near being fat. In fact	 you pretty much have the ideal body figure that guys are looking for these days. You're very attractive. Stop complaining.																																			Gabby you and Shane are made for each other!																																				thank you																																				gabbie you're literally so many people's inspiration,including me.I watch got videos and you inspire me to actually get up and not procrastinate and be so caring as you because you put out so much light and energy and positive vibes,so don't ever say you're not good enough,you're not good enough for the wrong people yeah,but always remember how much you mean to all of us________________																																				Please make a more in depth video!																																				I really appreciate you making this video and i hope maybe you could find it in you to share more about your experiences in this area of struggle and recovery. as a girl in recovery myself this video means alot to me. and being in recovery, sharing my story people often laugh at the idea than an average looking girl was 80 pounds not so long ago. Its important to encourage recovery and i stand along side you to cheer you on gabs<3																																				If u need to eat calories hang out with Shane Dawson lol																																				The advert for this video was Macdonalds for me...wow... thank you for sharing	 this was an awesome video xxx																																			________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________																																				i also have a similar story but its the oppsite problem. i am too skinny and wish i could be like my friends. during the school year one of my friends suddenly said that she wished she had my body. it freaked me out so much because she was the normal body type while i weigh less than 100lbs ( im 14 yrs and 5'3). your video helped me realize that everyone suffers from some sort of inner demon that society has set up for them and we need each other to help fight them.																																				"Gabrielle, you are so fucking gorgeous. I know that we can't tell you what you can and can't do, but I hope you work to eat what's healthy for you, because we all love you ;)"																																				Do pokemon go																																				I hate eating but I'm good	 fat	 but okay																																		I love you girl	 and if you are comfortable telling you're journey in depth	 I'd love to hear it. ____																																		gabbie	 this is amazing. im always here and have never thought you were fat. you are beautiful. i love you gabbie	 thank you for helping me battle my issues.																																		you are sooooo beautiful Gabbie... I love you sooo much________																																				thumbs down bitch ain't subscribing u																																				You are such a beautiful human being__																																				I would love to hear about your eating disorder. I have struggled with that myself																																				Thank you for this video! :)																																				I'm sure that you are going to help so many people. You are amazing and I LOVE YOU SO MUCH!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! This is one of the many many many reasons why i love watching ur videos and why I love you.																																				This made me really sad ! Gabbie	 youre absolutely STUNNING ! Its fucked up that society puts all this pressure on women to be something they are not ! I am sorry that you had this struggle ! And I am sorry for any other woman that has to be a victim to body shaming (EVERYONE!!!)																																			love youuu gabbie!!!! ur perfect!!_____________																																				i have this too	 thank you for telling me your story to help me with mine																																			heres the video that matches the description of the vlog																																				Gabbie this helped me a lot my whole life people call me fat and I would take them seriously I wouldn't eat and that didn't really help and I'm only 11 but now idc what they say I love myself for who I am and u gabbie are the BEST you have helped me a lot in latest videos that life isn't all fun and games LUV U LOTS__																																				This made me cry __________																																				Okay Gabbie	 you wanted me to compliment someone who could use a smile. Gabbie i think you are an intelligent beautiful young women that is full of love and life	 thank you.																																		"I'm 5""6 and I've been dealing with anorexia and bulimia for a few years now and I never thought about myself being skinny. I've always looked at the girls in my school and thought,"" I wanna be that small. Maybe then people will like me. Maybe I'll be popular then."" And that's when everything started going downhill. I started working out like crazy and barely eating anything. I lost so much weight. I used to be 140lbs and I hated it. Now I'm 90lbs and going through treatment for my eating disorders. I hate what I've done to myself and wish I could be healthy again. I'm sick all the time because I'm not eating enough and I'm scared that now that I'm this way that people won't like me because I'm ""too skinny"". There is no middle for anyone because everyone will judge you, but what I learned is to not give a f*ck about what others think and to feel beautiful in my own skin. This vid really helped me learn that. Thank you Gabbie ____"																																				thanks gabie u made me feel better about myself and u r very sweet so god bless u!!!!There is a really great lesson to this video and i love u soooooo much!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!																																				love u gab!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!																																				I relate to this, thank u so much for sharing thins. So all my fat just goes to my legs and don't get me wrong I think having thick legs is beautiful, but I'm 14 and I feel like I look a lot more older and it make me feel uncomfortable. So I don't like it, but I used to be so hateful to my legs and I would do intense diets, that were much to intense for someone of my age.... But as in right now, I don't do specific diets for a certain amount of time, I try to eat healthier as in everyday thing and regularly work out (but not to intense)																																				You are so pretty I have never saw you as a fat girl!!!____________________________________________________________________#purplehartsallthewaytotheend																																				Gabbie I am so proud of you for saying this because I can relate I had an eating disorder bulimia and anorexia before I got pregnant but I can relate																																				I'm crying. I relate so bad																																				#gabbiegoalz																																				gabby=perfect																																				Gabs your perfect and don't let anyone put you down																																				ok so gabbie is the most beautiful person in and out																																				I LOVE YOU																																				I'm struggling with so much stress that my anxiety is getting worse as we speak. I store it up so much that I end up breaking down. So don't worry gabbie you're not alone!!																																				thank you gabbie so much for posting a video like this. i also have an eating disorder	 and i've been battling for about a year and a half. you're such an inspiration to me	 and knowing you've been through things like this lets me know you know what its like. i love you so much and you're amazing __																																		good for you Gabbie_																																				this has helped me alot.... and I mean it.... im struggling with eating.....and when u said some of this stuff and It kind of helped me try to eat more.... thank u gabbie! thank u																																				I feel you gabbie																																				Gabbie I loved this video it was so honest and I love you __ you're so beautiful. Also I would be interested if you wanted to do an in depth video about your eating disorder :)																																				____																																				Gabbie	 you are one of the most beautiful and amazing women i have ever seen. You are not fat	 you are an inspiration to me and to countless other people. You don't have to compare yourself to other people	 they should compare themselves to you. But the main reason why I love you is not because your funny	 its because you are down to earth and sweet and care for other people instead of yourself. You keep working at your goal but don't let you go over run your life to the point where your hurting yourself. No matter what happens I will love you through it all	 and if I'm the inly one so be it. Just know that we love you for who you are	 not what you look like. <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3																														I like what you said in this video______																																				I Just love you																																				good for you for sharing your eating disorder xx your really inspiring and you help me and others too by helping yourself I know you probably won't read this comment but if you do the please reply to let me know if you did x thanks gabbie your a great person xx																																				I've struggled with anorexia and bulimia for the past 4 years and seeing this gave me hope for recovery. I love you so much stay strong ____																																				gabbie your beautiful	 special	 important needed and loved we all need you and love you	 you are an inspiration to soooo many people and I know that can be a scary thing at times but your doing a great job at it and you always will do a great job at it don't ever let anyone tell you your not and don't listen to comments from others that tell you any different because theres a comment right here that is telling you how special you are to me and so many others no matter how much you weigh or how you look all that stupid bull shit doesn't matter all that matters is how you act and who you are and you gabbie are a truly amazing beautiful person inside and out __																																	this made me cry also made my day																																				"I have struggled with my weight since I was 13 and last year I lost almost 30lbs but, I gained that weight back this year due to stress and other personal reasons. Also I struggle with insecurities based on my looks. I am only ""4,8"" with curly hair and still struggles with acne at the age of 21. This video has motivated me to be healthier which, is what I am in the process of doing. I am drinking more water and watching my portions. Thank you Gabbie for making this video. You are helping so many people!"																																				I think the idea of being 'fat' itself destroyed many many young women. Even when i was 58 kg ( 1.72cm) i saw myself as an overweight person. Starving yourself then finding peace in large portion meals destroyed me. Now 	 i am over 90+ and try to deal with my problems. It all adds up.Thanks Gabbie !																																			Is binge eating an eating disorder? I binge eat. Im 15 and i weigh 172 lbs. I dont know how to stop eating too much	 I guess I dont know when Im full...uggg																																			This video is a refreshing inspiration. You should keep up with these videos. It was so natural and touching.																																				You made my day. Thanks Gab. <3																																				Wow	 that hit close to home. Thank you. Keep up the work!																																			Gabbie its ok																																				"This almost made me cry. I'm 5""6 and 160 some pounds. But it looks like it evens out because I'm tall. Randomly i gain weight and randomly I lose it, so my hips have stretch marks. My legs have stretch marks. I was wearing a crop top and my stretch marks were showing and my mom looked at me and told me to cover it up because it's disgusting and no one wants to see it, I haven't had a kid so I shouldn't look like this. I've always been the curvy/skinny type but it's just looking at myself in the mirror and seeing something that I don't like."																																				I actually thought you were not fat since when I firstly saw you. I thought that you had a normal body but fat????. and I love your personality and your body type. every woman needs a bit of curves and I totally think your body is cool idk thats my opinion of you as a human being you're cool outside and inside.love u																																				Very inspirational love you Gabbie																																				we love you girl you are beautiful! _																																				Thank you for this. I've always had self-esteem issues pertaining to my looks and weight. I still do. But this made me feel a bit better.																																				Gabbie	 I didn't know you went through that	 obviously because it's private. You're so strong and such a big inspiration for me. I'm proud that you felt comfortable enough to share this with us. Stay strong	 I love you. ______																																	My sister was in deep of her Eating Disorder and she made it out																																				Aww I used to have an eating disorder too and i felt awful and it's a big struggle I told my mom I was tired and didn't want to eat but when I did I would skip class and stay in the bathroom and throw up no one could hear us scream no one could here us dying inside but then I knew that after I had skipped two classes to try to kill myself I knew I needed help when I went to my domestic violence therapist and my sisters were telling me that I was fat my entire life and they still do but they should know better even though I still want to go back to that place I don't even though I still hate the way I look																																				I wish that one day I will accept my body. because now is a rollercoaster of FATFATFAT and some bumps of ITISNOTSOBAD followed by another breakdown. And I am very grateful that you have told us about your thoughts about food because it made me think that I may have an eating disorder as well as I am focused on food all the time.																																				You are beautiful Gabbie!																																				Gabby you are #goals																																				I love how you're talking about more serious matters! It's so important to bring up stuff like this (and other things you make videos about). And I feel like that's often forgotten in this bubble that is Youtube, thumbs up, views and entertainment! Even though I still love meaningless storytime videos and tutorials haha.																																				I didn't eat yesterday																																				I struggled with an eating disorder when I was 12. I was hospitalised and I almost died. It is so dangerous. They say it goes away. And even though I'm better now	 it still consumes a lot of my life. I'm still always thinking about how I look. It's not easy and people think it is so easy to get out of it and it's not. And I know everything your saying about.																																			"I really appreciate that you're using your platform for more serious topics lately, that's what this generation needs. yeah ""aha"" funny videos are always good and distracting from what's going on, but it's always good to use your platform to share some real things that go on in the world, with oneself, and life in general. keep doing you and always keep going <3"																																				I have no idea why I relate to this	 because my problem is the exact opposite... I'm underweight and all I do is eat and eat and eat.. But I just can't gain weight and it makes me feel terrible :(																																			Anybody Here Because Of RiceGum? __																																				I've been subscribed for a while now. Don't really comment tho. Just wanted to let you know that your videos have helped me a lot. Especially this one. I have an eating disorder	 I guess. I've been trying to eat more	 but that's something easier said than done. But it's so much better to work for how you want to look than to wallow in self pity	 which I've been doing for a while now	 I suppose. But you got better after struggling	 so I think I can too. Thank you so much for this video and all of the other ones you've made. I love you ____																															Please a more detailed story I love you																																				I was bulimic for the very same reason..comparing myself to everyone..hoping to get their approval..only to realize years later that i wasnt really even fat. Love u loads gabbie.. Lots of love from Indiaa mwahhh																																				L																																				you are perfect gabbie. lysm__																																				I have just learned to love myself no matter if people say that im to skinny that doesnt matter to me anymore																																				I gained 10kg and still am a lot skinnier now than before. Weight doesn't mean a thing :)																																				gabbie is the most beautiful																																				Awww Gabbie I love u no matter what who cares what people say as long as u love u that's all that matters______																																				So proud of you for speaking on this! It's dear to my heart. I pray you are able to reach many. __																																				you're a definition of love'	 sweetheart. Thank you gabbie ______																																			Love you gabbie	 you just know how to put things into words __																																			sometimes its always nice to know theres always someone out there with the same struggles as you. i wad 18 when i had my daughter during my pregnancy i gained 65lbs at the point i was almost 200lbs. A few months later i had only dropped about 30lbs my grandmother had asked me if i was pregnant again. My weight went up and down for 2 years. At one point i struggled with eating disorders and over working myself at the gym. i got down to 128/130. i felt comfortable loved my body i was happy. Then i meet my fiance at my smallest i had been i started gaining weight back now at 25 im 176/180 . although i look and see fat and i hate my body my fiance tells me every day he loves my ass	 my boobs and rolls because of him. he makes it easier fighting the urge to go back to all bad habits.																																			I love u so 	U H u light up my day. I get bullied so much and I play ur vids over and over again and u make me laugh so much and u put a smile on my face__than you																																			Thank you gabbie! You're amazing!																																				Thank you for opening my eyes everything I do is crowded around my weight I pull about my t-shirt so they don't Se my tiny rolls and so they can't see my fat arms. I feel like I need to stop eating to make my life happier but when I do I feel like crap. Thank you.																																				_________________________________																																				We are here for you Gabbie!																																				thank you for this Gabbie __ I started crying because I don't consider myself beautiful and this amazing looking person. ive gone days without eating anything because I want to be what people consider to be cute now a day.																																				Whoever is reading this	 you're so beautiful. Inside and out. Don't let anyone tell you otherwise <3																																			__________________________________																																				Gabby this video made my day. I know the feels with every subject. You are an amazing being for being able to get get out of that lifestyle. It's hard I know haha I gained about 40 pounds after I got out of high school and now I just started to loose it now almost 3 years later haha so I get where you are coming from I have been called fat my whole life too	 it sucks. But I am still trying to move on and be strong. __ I got to the gym 7 days a week and bust my buns. So Gabby I believe in you! I lost almost 30 pounds in 3 months. Love all of the show stoppers! And you as well! __																																			Wow gab you finally opened up your eyes and say that you are proud of who you are and I am happy for you!__																																				I love this																																				Thank you gabsygabs :)																																				Gabbie	 I admit I just recently stumbled upon your YouTube .. and I have watched many of your videos	 and I just want to thank you for sharing such a personal journey with us. Comments to this video have already proven time and time again that your words have truly touched others.																																		Your not fat Gabbie I love u so much________________																																				Your beautiful																																				i loved the comparison part 	 how she said it's the root of evil																																			"Gabbie, thank you for making this video. I have struggled with eating disorders throughout my life and most people don't understand that it isn't as simple as ""Just eat something"" . I love your videos and learning about you because you're such a strong women. You're an inspiration."																																				Your not fat																																				So inspirational__																																				I fucking love Gabbie	 she's amazing in every way __																																			l																																				Anybody reading this	 you're beautiful. ____																																			______																																				I thought she meant actual goldfish at first..																																				fucking kill yourself dont eat until your dead fix your red face bitch dont talk shit about rice gum cunt +ricegum																																				Thank you for sharing this Gabbie :) You are beautiful! <3																																				When you said she had a huge thing of calories	 I thought you meant a tank of goldfish __																																			"I went thru this for so many years, I became anorexic, I didn't even know it was happening at the time it wasn't until I met my ex who made made me realise I could be happy actually.. Eating.. I could be happy being... Healthy... And ""normal"" whatever the fuck that means... But I'm so much happier now.. Even if I may be bigger than I thought I would be to be like, be happy.. Scales don't matter. As long as you're happy and healthy & absolutely gaining confidence! Go Gabbie! Love from Australia ____"																																				This effects me so much. It's so sad that we compare ourselves to skinnier friends/people and see them compare themselves to even skinnier people. I wish we all could just live our life not worrying about size. I wish we could love ourselves in every way. And not criticize each other so much.																																				I love you gabbieeeee																																				Aw ily gabbie ur so beautiful																																				I hated gabby before tbh but she grew on me.																																				You should do an extended video																																				Your hair always looks so good! x																																				This was seriously what I needed today! Love you gabbie!!!																																				I know why she would spit out the food Gabbie is secretly a ghoul anways awesome vid like always																																				Please talk about it __																																				CLICKBAIT = GABBIE IS DOING IT FOR THE VIEWS.																																				"Your neck and hands were a different color than the rest of you. That was a serious joke BTW. :) Don't think too much of it. I minored in Sociology. Society and the corporate overlords that command it, do everything they can to make people to abscess about their looks. Just think about how many companies would go bankrupt around the world if people were to wake up tomorrow and just think ""wow, I really am happy with how I look."""																																				L																																				L																																				You should come for a tour to New Zealand its beautiful here and your perfect the way you are its your life and if you think you should change you can change no one can roll you only you can roll your self																																				My goal is to be open minded and caring as gabble																																				______________________________________________________________________________ you are beautiful gabby in every way possible																																				WHO THE FUCK CALLED GABBIE FAT THAT BITCH IS DEAD																																				gabbie it dosent madder what size you are because you are so beautiful and amazing																																				Gabbie you just made me cry.....																																				"I relate so much to your story So all my life I have been a little chubby and I was always embarrassed about it kids at school would sometimes pick on me because of it and that hurt because I was extremely nice to everyone.in my 6th grade year I was taking very small lunches because I never felt hungry it got to the point where I would over eat or barely eat then one day it got much worse for me these two girls that wasn't really friends with started giving me food I would take the small things like crackers then I finally realized that they were picking on me because of my weight I was okay through 7th grade and then 8th grade hit and I wasn't eating lunch at all my breakfasts were very small and so were my dinners all because I wanted to lose weight I became obsessed with losing weight the first thought in my head before eating was ""should i be eating this or eating at all"" no matter what I did I could never lose weight. I'm going into 9th grade and I'm doing better ______________"																																				Gabby you're gorgeous	 so.. Yea there's that																																			You inspire me so much__																																				Your awesome!!! ________																																				@The Gabbie Show ________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________ ILYSM																																				You are beautiful inside and out																																				you are so inspiring and you are so awesome	 stuff anyone who says otherwise																																			I love you Gabbie your so inspirational. ___																																				Gabbie you're so prettyyyyyyyyyy __																																				Xx.Kenna.xX wow you think no one wants her negativity around them	 she has millions of subscribers hundreds of thousands of people like her videos so why don't you stop saying that no one wants her negativity around shut up and get a life and a YouTube account that actually is good____																																			__________________________																																				This actually mean't so much to me that she would have the confidence to speak out about something so personal and raw	 though my chest was hurting with anxiety because of it	 it was a different kind	 the kind which I felt someone else's struggles but also felt their breakthroughs and it was something which really touched me in a way																																	Love you gab you are amazing I will always think you are beautiful no matter how big or how small how tall how short you are love you you're amazing.__________																																				Xx.Kenna.xX you are a self absorbed little brat. Gabbie is in no way a bully	 you say oh I am normally nice then go bash someone	 clearly you are not a nice person because most nice people don't go around telling people they should go die and that you won't miss them. You probably just sit around the couch eating chips watching TV so why don't you stop bashing other people and worry about yourself																																		Gabbie	 I can tell you with confidence	 that the only reason people tear you down for anything	 is because they are jealous	 usually what they say you are	 which you are not	 is what they themselves are struggling with	 or lack. I used to have a friend who would constantly belittle me in every way	 say I am stupid	 retarded etc etc. I found out	 that he was just doing these things	 because	 he was jealous of me	 because of what I was going through/ went through	 I was still happy	 and strong	 yet he had it all	 and he was miserable. He talked shit about me behind my back at work	 at school	 everywhere. I'm no longer friends with this person	 but I realized that he was just jealous	 and he made me believe him. But ever since then	 my own confidence has skyrocketed because of another friend who constantly cheers for me	 is always there to back me up etc. Don't listen to negativity	 please do not believe it. You need to surround yourself with people who love you	 and will always cheer for you	 and support you. I hope you see this	 and maybe take something from it. I love your vids	 keep up the good work. :)								now i know people are going to tell me how stupid i am but i actually think i have an eating disorder too. i have this problem where i have no idea when i'm hungry anymore until i get this huge pain in my upper abdomen and then when i finally eat it stops the pain then i once ate a ton after it. guess i was hungry... but yeah i really don't know																																				gabbie I want you																																				I want you																																				Ur so pretty!!! And not fat!! ____																																				"Me:""THIS IS SO INSPIREING!"" also Me: *Takes another bite out of chocolate bar while watching the video*"																																				Gabbie u r not fat at all. honestly u have a hugeeee fucking heart but thats the extent to ur fatness x																																				U is BEUTIFULLL																																				sorry auto correct gabby																																				Ur nose is too big u look like woody woodpecker																																				omg cabbie you so awesome you help me so much thankyou!!! ________																																				____________																																				Can we have a video of your journey in depth .																																				"Gabbie I don't think you need to worry about your weight! I don't know how much you weigh but you are SO BEAUTIFUL! And you have the perfect body! It doesn't matter if people call you fat.If you really think you are ""fat"" (Your not at all!) but just keep exercising and keep trying I feel fat and I really want to do something about it. I think exercising is fun and it helps a lot. But I'm actually underweight. So it's hard to lose belly fat and face fat without losing actual pounds. I also had a similar disorder that is the reason I'm underweight, When I was younger, all I wanted was to eat was junk and snacks, I was skinny and I always felt sick. I got a bad anxiety disorder. I thought I was going to die. I was always shaking and I couldn't swallow sometimes. I'm iver the eating disorder __But I still have the anxiety a little bit. Eating full meals helped me gain weight and feel happier. I started watching YouTube to get my mind off of it. Anyway, aside from me, don't worry about..."																																				pls go deeper into your story!!its really inspiring																																				Okay gabbie I'm going though almost the exact same thing you did I am over weight I don't know how much I'm supposed to weight but I know it is not 111 and I'm 12																																				omg gabbie thanks all lot as I'm watching this it's ture what the lady told you same with me because my brother always tells me that I'm fat and when other people look at me they say are losing weight but in my mind I say to myself I'm fat and this video is going to help my as well you keep doing what you do hope you can read this gabbie																																				This is a beautiful message. I appreciate you sharing your story. It's really life changing I can't speak from experience but I am willing to bet that it helped someone a lot. I love your videos your so funny and I really really hope someone takes this advice because I know I am. I hope you all in the comments have a great night/day depending on when your reading this. Love you Gabbie!________																																				thank you____																																				I love you gabbie as all the millions of friends you have here____________________																																				gabbie your awsome and a inspiration!!:)																																				Thank you	 Gabbie! You are beautiful !!																																			You are beautiful and my role model! I think you have a great body and are perfect! And to anyone reading this	 you too are beautiful and don't let anyone tell you different.																																			______																																				I was anorexic for 2 years and when I first started I lost 50 pounds in 2 months and when I recovered and started to eat normal I fucked up my metabolism so badly that when I started to eat normal meals I gained a lot of weight. I wish I never was anorexic to begin with cause I messed up my body soooo badly I'm telling you if you want to lose weight do it the healthy way! And I got done to 74 pounds I felt like crap all the time I had no energy . I fell constantly. When I was at the store I hung over the basket. I felt dead all the time seriously it's really not worth it																																				You're beautiful and this is an amazing and honest video I totally relate to this I love you girl stay strong and be you																																				this is amazing __																																				Anyone else see how sunburnt she is																																				You're perfect the way you are gabble!<3 We love you for you.(: thank you for such a powerful message! <3																																				Love you Gabbie__ stay strong and remember how wonderful you truly are!																																				your videos suck la la la																																				This made me cry. I love you Gabbie. Thank you.																																				I just wanna say this not to offend u but I think when people at ur far it means that there saying that ur greetie because I see that sometimes when u see food or something that smells good like food u go after it so that's what I think what people mean when they say ur fat but other then may opinion of u more might that ur fat for u threat or criticism so u shouldn't think of every think as a criticism I'm fat but when people say I'm fat I say thinks I kmow because I'm fat but to have compliment about ur weight loss that people see it greate __ p.s this is to make very happy																																				how can someobe shame you for your body? i mean	 that ________ oh and your smile is beautiful in so many ways.																																			gabbie you are perfect just the way you are. I love you and so does alot of other people so stay you.																																				I never thought that this amazing confident person would struggle with an eating disorder in my opinion she's beautiful but it's so sad how gabbie would go thru that kind of hell and not notice. the majority of my life I've been called names like fat but this past year at least 5 to 10 times a day I would be called names fat ugly weird emo monster and I purposefully started starving myself cuz of that sure I still had friends who would say skinny gorges cute but those complements last so long till an insult puts u back staring into a mirror hating every inch of ur body. but I'm trying to say that everyone is piece of art and art doesn't hav labels so ur beautiful no matter what and plz a single comment can put some one on the verge of suicide and if u ever see this gabbie I love you and your beautiful _																																				I'm sorry but your really beautiful inside and out.. Who cares what we look like this body is temporary.. Just enjoy life live it to the fullest.. We all love you..																																				Gabby if you feel comfortable saying or sharing your story in more depth you can buy no one is pressuring you																																				"quote of the day ""your before photo is someone else goals photo"""																																				Gabbie your gorgeous	 amazing	 and most importantly strong I not you but I'm going through what you were/ are still maybe going through. Your my inspiration keep your head up high and stay strong. Your fans (me included) love you_																																		I really love watching your videos and following you on social media for many reasons but one of the big reasons is because you have a lot of physical similarities to me that I've always struggled to love about myself but I look at you and think you're so beautiful and attractive every time. We both have big noses and are curvy big butted women with olive toned skin and brown hair and eyes. These are all things I've seen on myself and hated but you have the same attributes and look so fantastic. I think you are so adorable and because of that I realize if I can look at you and recognize these similarities and that you still look great with them then I probably don't look as bad as I convince myself I do. I love your videos and your personality. I've struggled in these same ways and I really appreciate you sharing this with us. We love you <3																																				I freaking love Gabbie. I don't think I've ever related to a person on every aspect so many times in my life.																																				'woah... I think I have an eating disorder...																																				I'm proud of you__																																				You are a great person you are perfect just the way you are																																				I wish I could say the same... It hurts that I can't.																																				I'm not going to lie... I know a family member that suffers from eating disorder... I am also not going. to lie... it's hard	 I watched this video 7 times since it was uploaded... I showed this to her and I never thought I would actually cry happy tears when she told me she ate a whole meal after watching this. This video is so deep but not at the same time. you don't have to go deep in your story to say something meaningful. Anyways love you gabs __																																			This video is so beautiful.																																				The amount that you inspire me is astounding. I love how to look, your laugh, your body, your everything. Your a beautiful woman who deserves endless happiness and love and support. After watching you for awhile I've realized that I need to stop caring about how other people look at me and to just do what makes me happy and that I need to just stay at a healthy balance between caring about how I look and not caring. I love you so much Gabbie and you're one of my biggest inspirations and I respect and admire you for the person you are.																																				thank you gabbie for being you <3. ____________																																				Your beautiful	 amazing skinny talented and perfectly you																																			Gabbie this video describes me!!!!!!!! I've been through eating disorders (still am) and this honestly made me cry!!! I don't cry very easily.. thanks for inspiring me to keep trying :)																																				Can u plz do reaction videos plz gab plz____																																				All the stories of people opening up about eating disorders and all the comments helping people is just amazing. I love it. They're really touching stories and a few made me cry but the comments gave me hope about the online community.																																				you're an inspiration	 Gabbie. Keep doing what you're doing	 I love you <3																																		Anybody else cry with this video? I feel like I'm in such a similar situation and I didn't think anyone else would get it but someone does and that makes me feel lighter in a way.																																				Gabbie your not fat	 the only thing is that is fat is your ass. P.S you have a nice ass																																			this helps me I'm 10 years old and I starve myself I don't eat I make my self throw up so I don't get food I only drink water I over ecrsize my self to were I will pass out																																				You and me both Gabbie	 you and me both__																																			________________ well done.																																				when the vid started I thought she was in Miranda's room but I looked at the pics and it was her wall lol																																				"You are my ""goals photo."" You are so beautiful you don't even know! I admire you so much. Btw this video didn't make me cry until the outro song."																																				I love you so much. you're beautiful the way you are.																																				Damn Gabbie I'm glad you're getting through all of this! You look fine as hell girl! We love you:) Thanks for being so raw and honest with us:)																																				Beautiful. Inspirational. Thank you	 Gabs. I have struggled with my weight my entire life. Thank you.																																			I hate when people comment about my weight. In eleven	 125 lbs	 and am a 34 B. When people look at me I feel like they think I've done something wrong or am some sort of inappropriate	 ugly human being. I go to a Catholic school	 and I seem like some sort of slutty girl to everyone. I go through everything else before the other girls. I have my period	 I have boobs	 I have acne. I hate my body! I wish society would just stop picturing women as these super skinny and sexy people who will get pregnant for you! Its not how life works!																														I'm letting you know <3																																				You are beautiful Gabs!																																				"Why isn't there a ""lovelovelovelovelovelovelove button"" on videos because everything you said in this video sounds exactly like something I would say/ that would happen to me. I love to hear that you're working through your issues and have come a long way, it gives me hope that someday I can get through the same issues as well. This is my favorite video of yours. Keep it up Gab, you can do it ______________"																																				Thank you for making this video. You are so beautiful and you are my goals photo actually. I am trying so hard to be healthy. You inspire me so much to be myself and love me. You will never know how much good you do in this world Gabbie. The world loves you.																																				your not fat you are gorgeous																																				+TheGabbieShow thank you so much for sharing your story it was very eye opening to me because I have suffered for so long I don't really say I have an eating disorder but I have symptoms like becoming really addicted eating everything in sight and then pushing food away completely like eating a .50 bag of chips and a single hot dog within a 24 to 48 hour period at times	 start to eat something a bunch of calories and feel completely disgusted with myself part of the way through eating it. I love you and you're channel these videos are truly inspiring please make more videos like this!:) Can you do a video on symptoms of some different eating disorders	 I want to learn more about different eating disorders!:)																																		"Gabbie i love watching your videos and i love you because well you really remind me of myself because i am basically like you ive been a little more heavier that all my other friends and sometimes i make fat jokes or i say something that compares fat and skinny people whenever i am with my friends and tbh my friends dont laugh they just look at me and say something nice about me or my body like ""your not fat your perfect"" and well i mean nobodys perfect but i look at my friends and laugh, and i know this doesnt really make sense but what i am trying to say is that i still am a big person and i try to eat healthy because i have always loves fruits and vegitables all my life but when i was younger some of myfamily said you are a chunky monkey and stuff like that but i was skinny for my age and now i am...what you would consider ""chunky"" but i am ok with that ya i am not my family because i am the youngest in my family but everyone in my family had the ""chunky stage"" and they are skinny!"																																				gabbie we care for you and I think that if you talked to us we would be there for you and if people don't like you or your stories screw them																																				Gabbie you are beautiful and I love you.																																				I have the same problem and I have my older siblings call me fat so I can be someone that I'm not																																				Gabbie is SLIM THICK _________																																				i had a dream that gabbie dated a guy and married a guy named Matt so if you fall in love with a guy name Matt i am sidekick and this guy was like RICH and he always said you were beautiful and pretty it was the best dream i ever have																																				This was am amazing video!!! thanks																																				Thank you so much. I've always thought I was fat and this helped so much. I realate to this so much																																				I don't get why she made this video because she's really beautiful and she is what I think is hot	 because she's not a skinny bitch. Being skinny isn't hot In my opinion. Can someone help me understand?																																			You are a true inspiration. __																																				Someone who understands. Probably would have started crying if I were u doing this video. You're so strong and thank u for encouraging us																																				I never really thought about what you said. I also have struffles with food and weight related problems. I love you. You are amazing! I promise to head your advise	 and be healthy. Love	 your sister.																																		Gabbie	 I don't know if you will see this or not but I really wanted to thank you. I have struggled in silence with eating disorders	 anxiety	 and depression for almost three years now. Lately my body image has been particularly bad	 and I just haven't had the motivation to do anything at all. I've been contemplating suicide lately	 in fact I had just gotten done writing a letter to my mother and I got in a bath and started watching a few videos. I wasn't sure if I was going to do anything like that tonight or not	 but watching this video brought me to tears and I don't really want to anymore. I haven't heard anything like what you just said in a really long time	 and I think I really needed it. I think I'm going to try to talk to my mom about getting professional help soon	 and I really hope that you continue to get better. Thank you so much. I love you.																												Ur beautiful no matter what u think I think I'm ugly and just recently had a boy tell me I was cute and was waiting for the jk and still ain't got it __																																				i suferd all of that but now i have finally love myself for me dont let anyone tell you your fat of something els so your perfect trust me																																				This really hit me. I'm so glad you made this. I'm 18 and I weigh 87 pounds and not bc I want to! About 4 years ago I weighed 110	 and then I got sick. Food hurts my stomach and I have a blood vessel that clamps down when I eat which makes it hurt to eat and without even realizing it I started eating less and less and less. Then it got to where I would go to eat and gag for no reason...I've been trying so hard to gain weight. People say oh your too skinny but I can't help it. I'm doing better now. Thank you for the video. Love you!__																																			Gabbie	 don't listen to what ppl think. You arenperfect in your own way!!																																			Love you gabbie	 this video was very moving	 thank you for this (:																																		Your such a sweetheart Gabbie I'm happy to see people to help each other. You are a sweet lady have a beautiful day dear.																																				i love how honest and genuine not only your struggle but also your story about it is. thank you so much for sharing. it has truly struck me and will stick with me. i love you so much																																				Thank you for this																																				I almost cried and this video defenetily helped me																																				Gabbie. I know you will get a lot of these kinds of comments and will prolly skim over this one but I want you to know... I watch quite a bit of YouTube videos and I have never been moved so much and cried at someone's video and struggle as much as this one. I understand your struggle. I have always been the fat kid in class and now at 26 years old	 I am bigger then I have ever been. I binge eat daily. I depression eat. I over proportion everything. if it's there I eat it. I have tried to stop. I have tried everything. I understand what you are going through and am so proud that you have found a way to fight it. I hope I am able to soon. keep your chin up girl! you are an inspiration. don't stop being you ________																																			We love you to the moon and back Gabs! im really happy that you have improved and I hope that you keep on going in the right direction. :)																																				This really helped me I'm always looking in the mirror and pointing out wear I need to try to loose weight I'm always pointing things wrong with me always comparing my self to someone else's body always thinking why did I have to be big when all these other girls are skinny and comfortable bit now Gabbie u really made me realize allot today so thank u ______																																				Gabbie ur AWESOME and BEAUTIFUL and I would like an in depth video of the eating __																																				I want to hear ur depth story if this is happening to me because I feel like I have depression and I am VERY insecure about my body right now	 and I told my friends and we all have depression (yes we are a depression group). When I told them they were like we know Sydney we're all sad syd! So with this I think I have a terrible body and I say I'm fat because I almost weighed 140lbs but we have a very old scale so it's probably broken... I was having a terrible phase of depression one day and my mom saw me she said what's wrong I said I want to crawl up in a hole and die! And point I wish we had rope at our house __my grandma says I'm over weight which makes me feel insecure because I'm being told that by a family member!__just a few days ago I saw her and she said Sydney have u lost a few pounds? In my leg area	 and we went to the movies and now it all disappeared... So I would love to see ur depth story to see if someone is actually going threw what I am right now! Thanks__																																		I love you so much gabbie and the topics u choose to talk about... your next video should be about your opinion on the new game pokemon go lol I see a lot of people doing it but I wanna kno ur opinion since I kno your in love with pikachu ______																																				I love you gabbie________																																				Thank you for posting this Gabbie.																																				You are not fat at all and you are my favorite youtuber ever!__																																				"When you said your friend had a big thing of goldfish and I ate some at first for some reason I thought you meant living goldfish. After that I put the pieces together and thought to myself ""I'm stupid!"""																																				If this was hard for you then I don't want you to but	 I think it could help me and other people if you went more in depth. Only if you are comfortable of course__																																			Gabbie	 you are such an inspiration to me. I wish I could give you a hug and tell you how much I love you! lol. you are such an amazing person.																																			never once thought you were fat	 I always viewed you as a confident inspirational figure and it's relieving to know someone like you struggles with something I too struggle with	 thank you :-)																																		that was beautifully said thank you for sharing that. I think as women we all go through this at one point or another. I still struggle from an eating disorder but I over eat now instead of under eating. it's really hard because I've become an emotional eater now. it's a hard topic for people to talk about and bring up. it's also nice to know that we are not alone. I am learning to love myself more as well as my body	 as well as working towards trying to become healthier for myself and not for what society thinks of me . thank you for sharing this I know it probably took a lot of courage.																																			this made me think																																				I love how she is actually genuine about this																																				where am I ????																																				I've been called fat so many times and I went into a depression stage and I cried and cried and I wouldn't eat for days on end and I would cut myself and once I found my best friend I don't really care anymore but I still have the scars and the memories but things get better if you just try																																				Gabbie	 your beautiful one day I hope I can meet you.... I hope to come to Florida__ I love u																																			no offense I just found out for one of the akinator questions for you is is she slim																																				Gabbie	 thank you. Truly	 thank you.																																		damn.																																				Can someone tell me if Shane and gabbie still dating__																																				Love you Gabbie ______																																				I swear if freelee tries to make a response to this and tries to come for gabibe I will personally fly to Australia and drag her through the entire Australian wilderness myself																																				It's ok your my favorite YouTuber																																				wow gabby this video made me confident about my self so thank you so much :) i love you so much u make me happy by just seeing your face or hearing your voice and your videos have been the best lately because your real and honest and it normal because you are a grown up now well i see and i love it so keep doing what your doing and i love you																																				Gabs this video helped me a lot I really would like you to go into detail this really helped me. I think you an awesome person and beautiful inside and out.																																				This is my second comment YOURE BEAUTIFUL I LOVE YOU I WISH I CAN MEET YOU A TELL YOU THIS																																				Gabbie this video is awesome... You are amazing.i love you	 you are great.___																																			I like the way you talk about it! :) you never gave up you got through it! Proud of you gabbie!! :D																																				I love you so much Gabbie. Your videos bring me life. You're absolutely beautiful just the way you are. I too struggle with self image and i have been depressed because of it. But I am working through it all and I've overcame alot. I love you so much																																				I wish I had Gabbie's body. I love this video so much __ it really hits where home is. Haha that sounds dumb but I really love these serious videos. She always says what needs to be said																																				Thank you so much. You're beautiful gab__																																				Thanks so much for being so transparent and sharing this story when it's so common.. I suffer from PTSD anxiety and depression and created my channel for the reason that I wanted to help normalize mental illness so thank you for doing that as well __																																				Gabbie u r bootiful girl Like really don't let somebody tell u ur fat cause u r not because there was people who called me chubby but I proved them wrong cause I joined weight watchers and lost 35 pounds. Gabbie u r amazing and never stop being u My names Nina Hope u can follow me on Instagram it's nina_meola_ Love u gabbie I look up to u too______																																				Compliment the person that comment above you________																																				You probably won't see this	 but this video makes me look at you like better person! You are a great inspiration to me! You go girl! __																																			This video broke my heart. Knowing that Gabbie struggles with this stuff just kills me because shes absolutely perfect. I love you Gab..																																				Is that the reason for the green apple story time???																																				____																																				Hey Gabbie I've only been watching you for a short time now and I've seen a few of your videos but I think your beautiful and amazingly hilarious and I would totally kill to be as thin as you and even though you might never see this I just want you to know that theres a 15 year old out there that looks up to you a lot XD																																				___ ___ ___ f__ __ ___ _____ _ ____ ___ __¶ __ _____¶ ___																																				u r my role model i love u																																				This made me cry. Only cause I've always compared myself to these other girls who were skinnier than me and more developed than I am. I still don't have much confidence but this video helped me a little. It's gonna take a little to gain confidence but Tysm Gabbie for opening my eyes a little bit wider. This is why I love u. U helped me love myself a little more. Ty! Ily__																																				You're so brave	 I love you __																																			Thank you Gabbie for making this video my daughter is struggling with a eating disorder also.																																				"Gabbie, Your amazing. Dont let the mean comments get to you. But this one video, Just is so uplifting! i always think im fat... My friends say, ""No your not fat! your very beautiful and skinny."" But, i Just dont belive that! My parents say im right were im sapost to be. I dont belive them. I dont belive them because... theres girls in my class who way like 60 pounds wile i way 113! But coming from one of my to favorite YouTuber, Means alot. Thank You so much gabbie!"																																				This hit me hard because I'm anorexic and bulimic. I still think I'm fat but I'm underweight																																				i literally look at all my friends pictures and compare myself to them and every time i thing omg emilee your a f***ing cow. and i stopped eating but i have a disorder where if i don't eat 3 meals a day i could end up in the hospital with machines that make me eat. so my parents made me eat but inside i just wasn't happy with myself i hated the way i looked. and every time my friends come over we go swimming and they are all so much skinnier then me so i cover my stomach the whole time. and most times i make sure we go night swimming so they can't even see my fat. i still feel this way and in all honesty out of all my friends i way the least amount. mostly because i workout everyday i stay away from foods that arnt healthy and i try really hard to get abs and zero percent body fat. but after watching this video it made me realize that i need to be happy with the body i have. we all have these bodies for a reason and i need to be more confident in mine! so thank you Gabbie__																																				This like almost made me cry for a few reasons. 1. You are one of my biggest inspirations on youtube and to hear you come out and talk about important issues like #blacklivesmatter and body positivity	 and anxiety really makes you like amazing to me	 it shows that you're aware and you're a person and just I idolize you so much and this just makes my idolization all the more valid. 2. I also have severe anxiety and lots of body confidence issues and honestly I love your body I always loved your beautiful curves and I think it's really wonderful of you to put yourself out there and really make yourself vulnerable. 3. This is so heart warming and I've been thinking about this video all day and everything you said and you are my idol Gabbie. I love you. Stay strong!																																		Thank you so much for making this video Gabbie. I've been struggling with this topic so much lately. It's so difficult moving forward in your day when that's all you think about. You just made me feel better about myself by making this video and showing me your side of things. I had no idea that my role model went through the same things I'm going through now and over came that. I love you Gabbie! Keep doing what you're doing __________________________________________________																																				This is touching because I feel this way. I love how people on this site tell there stories from the heart and this makes me feel better. Comparison is the root of all evil (so is money.)																																				you're beautiful even without makeup(sorry	i'm italian)																																			i love u so much gabbie																																				the only thing that is fat about you gab is your heart.																																				You are so beautiful	 wish I could give you a huge hug. __																																			____________																																				________________																																				________________																																				__________																																				I have the same problem I just now after 26 years started to like my body																																				Gabbie you probably won't see this	 but you are beautiful and I love you soo much!!! no matter how hard things get for you just know that we all love you alot and we want you to keep your head up ______________________________________																																			Who would unlike this? Gabbie you're an incredible person. I love how caring you are and you've honestly made me look at things totally different now. Thank you																																				You know what is funny? I have watched TONS of videos about eating disorders with an inspirational message and I have to say that although I don't usually watch your videos that much this has been probably one of the most inspirational. I don't know why it was	 and your story was not as dramatic as other youtubers' but for some reason your message has gotten to me way more and I thought I had to say it. Maybe it was cause you said it so natural and cause you positioned it in a way that it could happen to anybody. I also think that the fact that you didn't push too much all the self love thing (that although I know it shouldn't be this way it makes me sick just how much society is over-pushing that idea into our minds that it's overwhelming and i don't believe anymore) made it way more natural	 non acted and more touchy. Thanks a lot	 you really did gave me hope of having a new more healthy life.																																	You aren't fat Gab. You're sexy AF and got it all in the right places. Positive thoughts your way.																																				This video made me tear up. I think all of us girls can be a little too hard on ourselves. It's so awesome that you are able to open up and talk about your demons like this because you are truly inspiring and are helping more people than you would even imagine. Love	 love	 love your videos Gabbie! <3																																		Gabbie I love you and your not fat don't care about what people say you are such an amazing person I love you ___ your ____																																				Gabbie, thank you so much for this video. I have suffered not eating and not wanting to eat. I am 13, i weigh 126 pounds and i am 5'2. i hate myself and my body because of this. i have depression and i also have Chiari Malformation which is a brain issue. i take pills which cause me to gain weight. they suck and i have tried to kill myself because i feel fat. but this video, helped me knowing that im not ugly or anything, so thank you ______ *note this was not for pity, just trying to say thank you to gabbie *																																				I've definitely have counted calories. Ive lost 10 pounds	 but gained 16 later. I've circled around methods to try to be thinner cause in my heart I thought that the first thing people thought about when they saw me is that im fat. This video just gave me a confirmation that Im not the only one	 and that makes me so happy I could cry. We are all trying to get better and become our best selves... I don't want to be skinny	 but what I do want is for me to stop conditioning myself into wanting to be a certain size	 and start wanting to be healthy.																																Your beautiful __																																				If you become apart of freelee stupid cult im unsubscribing																																				u would be really good at spoken word poetry	 the way u speak and the things you have to share and speak about are so phenomenal	 and u believe in what u speak so much and it holds so much power																																		You are so skinny don't let any one tell u different																																				I don't understand, people thought she was fat?? She's always been so pretty and thin, and even if she WAS a bigger person,Êfat-shaming is pretty shitty. Anyway thank you for sharing this. I feel like a lot of a lot of people need a kind reminder of these types of messages and need brave people like you to openly share them.																																				L																																				L																																				No matter what shape	 size	length	etc. we still love you for what's inside	 not what you physically look like____																																MORE STORYTIMES PLEASE!!! ____																																				idk how people call u fat because u are SKINNY! like don't listen to the haters and I love that u don't think that of yourself anymore I love u gabbie____ I hope u see this																																				Wow gabbie this helped a lot thank you :)) I cried a lot during this video and everything you said was so true. You're beautiful by the way																																				"thank you gabbie for making this video, i have struggled with food for a very long time and still struggle to an extent, and still have a hard time admitting to myself that i had/have an eating disorder. it just means a lot to me to hear someone talk about something like this because it makes me realize that my issues are valid, because i never felt like i ""had it bad enough"" to ask for help"																																				gabbie ur amazing																																				It's crazy how we don't see ourselves how others see us. I have struggles with my body too and I'm 5'4 and 135lbs. I think your body is great! Your body is so womanly and I wish I had your legs and hips. I have big hips but yours are a bit wider. You look great girl!																																				Gabbie	 you are so beautiful. I've always thought that you had the most beautiful body anyone could ever have.																																			I love you so much your doing great we love you for who you are love you gab																																				Gabbie	 you are so beautiful and funny. Don't tie yourself down. I love you sooooooooooooo much!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! =p																																			I think you have perfect body! But I also relate to how your feel !Even though people tell you your body is perfect 	 you always see something different. I love you so much and your videos are always my favorite! Do what you need to to to make YOU feel happy and confident! Your a true inspiration Gabbie!																																			"This helped me so much because I'm going into high school this year, and there are going to be so many tiny tiny girls, and I'm not one of ""those"" pretty girls, but a lot of people know me and I have friends but I'd been thinking lately about this kind of stuff, and I just.. Thank you__"																																				keep up the good work gabbie :)																																				This was amazing! Could you do a more in depth video on your journey?																																				She is amazing ily gabbie________																																				Oh Gabbie you are gorgeous please know you have a gorgeous body please don't ever worry about it anymore																																				I have always struggled with my weight. I have always suffered from disordered eating and I never thought much of it because I didn't see me really being skinny. Now I have really bad anemia and I can't really do much anymore unless I have a crap ton of iron and my pills. I have to start getting shots next month. I still have never had a flat stomach but I'm healthy and that's all that matters.																																				aw Gabby__ but I'm glad that you're getting through it _ stay strong you're an inspiration to so many people and thank you for this video it really does help ____																																				This video was truly inspiring. No one talks about this enough and it must've been scary to be that vulnerable with complete strangers. You're absolutely right	 comparison is not the way to happiness. I'm on my path now to be confident. Thank you for sharing	 it means everything to someone who feels alone.																																		I kinda have a eating disorder																																				I'll watch whatever you post gabs																																				Aww	 Gab. Lets Be Serious. You Think Your not Funny	 And You Aren't. Your Flipping Hilarious.! And Your Not Fat. Your Gorgeous. And I'm Literaly Jealous Of Your Looks. Loves Ya Gab__																																		please finish the story																																				Gabbie, you are an amazing person don't look at those comments and think the worlds going to end you are beautiful and perfect the way you are. you have so many followers that look up to you including me that think you an amazing person an that you can do anything that life throughs at you . Just Remember your perfect and one day I wanna be like you! Remember I Love You >3																																				An amazing video. Every point you made was so true	 and I relate to that on so many levels that people tell me I am skinny but my head is like you're fat you're fat you're fat																																			Gabbie	 THANK YOU so much! This helped SO much! I really needed this. You really opened my eyes. And i hope you helped someone out there with an eating disorder today. You definitely helped me with my self confidence. THANK YOU!																																			Damn.. __																																				"This video helped me a lot. I think I might have the start of an eating disorder, and this opened my eyes to it. I'm 5'3 and about 118. I personally hate my body, but everyone calls me ""petite"" and ""beautiful"", but I think the exact opposite about myself. I have no idea what to do anymore. I've tried being optimistic and tried to feel good about myself but i cant. I know no one probably cares or knows what to do, but if someone could point me in the right direction, that would be amazing."																																				Go gurlllll!!! You are goals I swear to God!!! I love you Gabbie and you are beautiful!!! Don't tell anyone tell you different!! +thegabbieshow																																				I love you so much! Love your funny and serious videos.																																				OH my god gabbie this is why I love your videos ______																																				Gabbie. You a re the most beautiful girl I have ever seen. You have a great body and you are my goal. Honestly. I feel what you feel. I have never wanted my body before. I always think of myself as fat even though	 no one has called me fat before. I keep working out	 but	 I can never get Myslef to eat right. I miss when I was younger and didn't care about my body. I feel you. But you will get through all of your hardships and we all love you for who you are.__																																	MARRY. ME																																				This video mad me cry I've been self conscious about my body for a while now and gabbie really boosted my spirits and I cry for hours about my body I just	 ugh	 ya know?																																		"My eating became disordered when I was 11 years old (I'm 22 now) after my mom kept pushing me to lose weight. It got way into my head and eventually I got to the point where I couldn't keep a single meal down. I never sought help so I was never diagnosed but my behavior was very reminiscent of bulimia. I'm still suffering the consequences of it to this day. About two years ago it started slowing down but it really never completely goes away, as much as I wish I could say it does. It doesn't go away but you get stronger. I never told anyone except a friend I made online and my current boyfriend after we were dating about a year because I was afraid it was starting to come back. Eating disorders are mental disorders. It's so much deeper than ""just"" weight. It's a deep-rooted self hatred and lack of self esteem that not even losing the weight will fix. It takes a change in psyche. That's why it's so hard but it is not impossible. I'm so glad you were able to get help and were able to share this with us. Even just hearing that you're not the only one and that there are other people out there who understand and who've been through it can be so helpful. Thank you so much for sharing this with us, I know it couldn't have been easy for you"																																				If anyone has been watching Gabbie for a really long time then most of you would notice how hard this was for her to record this	 let alone putting it out to the world. Her movements and facial expression and seriousness really gave away everything. If you're reading this Gabbie thank you so much for sharing this. It truly means so much & you're beautiful so don't let anything bring you down :)																																			Omggg I love you and I love this video! Xxxxxxxxx____																																				This is my message to you-oo-oo!																																				I love you so much Gabbie	 I'm so proud of you for coming this far.																																			I was never uncomfortable with my body until around 2 years ago. Person after person would tell me to gain weight to eat more food. They'd ask me if I starved myself. And now I feel too skinny. And it's not that I don't eat because I eat a lot. But skinny shaming is a thing	 so no matter what size you are don't put others down to feel better about yourself. Please it's ruined me.																																			Thank u so much for making this video. This had such a big part in my life. All my life have have been known as obese for how much I weigh. This has put me down for so long and this just made my day																																				Gabby and you might not see this but I'm proud of you you're letting people understand what's wrong with you																																				You are amazing Gabbie! all my love from Paraguay																																				Wow thank you for making this video I used to have an eating disorder too																																				Oh man my grammar __																																				Gabbie I really want you to see this	 but you talking about your past but no matter what people say or do you are literally perfect. Your stories make me crack up and you are so funny (not saying this vid is funny) . You aren't overweight	 and I see you working hard at the gym on Lizzza's snapchat story. So if anyone calls you fat it's just them reflecting on their own life because they are jealous of you. Ps ily __																																		I think about starving myself all the time. but I'm so absolutely terrified that I could seriously hurt or even kill myself. I have a heart defect and had surgery on it not too long ago. I'm scared that if I starve myself I could hurt my heart even worse but I want to starve my self soooo bad. instead I eat less and healthier	 drink lots of water and work out like a beast. I haven't loss any weight and constantly wonder if it's all for nothing. Does anyone have any tips? ____																																			I luv u this vid helps and ur so pretty and amazing__																																				Gabbie	 I love you. I'm choosing to compliment you today. You're strong	 funny	 and genuine. Thanks for being you! __																																	____																																				I love this	 I love you	 and I love that this has the potential to start a conversation for someone who truly needs it. It's always a good reminder __																																		Gabby you are my favorite person to watch on YouTube. Keep being you :)																																				This video sounds like you're telling me my story. And I've been feeling extra shitty this week. Gabbie	 I'm going to try and change and you have inspired me so much in this video I could cry																																			I got about two minutes into this video before I had to stop due to feeling nauseous just due to the fact that I am still in some primary stages of recovery. I have anorexia-purging type (which is this gross bulimic hybrid of anorexia.) Despite not being able to watch the video in it's entirety	 I want to just acknowledge how much you opening up and talking about this means to some of us in the ED community. I've always found one of the hardest things was feeling like I'm a freak and I must be the only one whose stupid enough to do this and blah blah blah. But knowing that others are going through similar experiences and that others understand how terrifying and awful this can be means a lot to me. So thank you so much for opening up and sharing this! It can make a large difference to those in the ED community.																																			I have the same problem I have been struggling to recover from bulimia cause I have dealt with it for 8 years and even tho I'm losing weight I still feel fat and my eating disorder has cause me to have severe depression and I only about to be 14 but like gabbie is goals she is so beautiful and fit and alot of pple would love to look like her including me																																				please go into depth about this	 I think the same way I need more confidence																																			You're so awesome Gabby!!																																				gabbie	 you're such an inspiration and i'm so happy for you and i love the message you're trying to spread __																																			you aren't fat you just have wide hips just like me																																				Thank you gabbie																																				Holy shit this is totally me...this video is exactly how I think....made me cry a few times....this was amazing																																				"I am overweight, I know I am, I know I need to lose weight, but appropriately, I see all these body positivity videos and they help, but then it wears off, and I see more, and those wear off, I'm not anorexic but I definitely do eat too much, everyone tells me I'm beautiful, and I believe them, I know a lot of people will comment ""No you're perfect the way you are"" and I know that, but I do need to lose weight, I weigh more then most adults I know, and it is embarrassing, but I'm not unhappy all the time, I am unhappy from time to time, but I love myself, but I hate that I can't play on the see saw because I always weigh SO MUCH more then all my friends, and I hate that I went to a huge amusement park and I couldn't ride the best roller coaster bc I was too big, I hate that I can wear a lot of super cute things bc I'm not small enough, I have confidence in who I am, but there are times where I am imbaressed to be who I am, but its strange because I'm the only one who can make me feel bad about myself, no comment or bully has made me feel bad about being overweight, except for myself, I think that your own mind can be either your worst enemy or your best friend, I apologize for the long comment and I wish you would see this and that everyone would not scroll past it and would read it, I know if you're reading this that you hear this all the time, but I DO Love you, you ARE beautiful, and I'm here here for YOU! again I'm sorry for the long comment and thank you f ir reading"																																				i want to meet you so much... i love that you make funny videos but also aren't afraid to make serious videos... I can't really relate personally but I love it when youtubers make more vulnerable videos.																																				"my boyfriend noticed I was too skinny and asked how many days it had been since I've eaten, I said 4 and he hugged me really hard and started crying and asked if he could take me to dinner and help me out with my issue. I said ""yes"" 6 weeks ago I was 80lbs (I'm 15) and now I am 102lbs and actually very proud. I hope someone reads this and can find an outlet in their life to help, I love you gabbie, you matter to me! you looks beautiful in your own skin and like you said DONT COMPARE, there's many people who would KILL to look as beautiful as yourself"																																				Actually i have always looked at you as a role model i thought i have to lose weight i have to look skinny and that my fat was a wrong thing but i honestly looked at you and thought that you look happy and comfortable with your own skin and i wanted that so you really helped me through that time ____																																				2:40 yes do one please :)																																				I needed this so much																																				____																																				Sweetheart ur lovely body's come in all shapes an sizes an there's nothing wrong with urs																																				gabbie...the only thing fat about you is your heart <3 lysfm~																																				I'm so sorry Gabbie. I'd love to hear more about your journey !! Proud of your for pushing yourself. Keep it up! You do look thinner so you're doing great !! Praying for you :-)																																				How about you just stop eating yah fat bitch. Go lock up the fridge and buy some carrots.																																				Thank you.																																				gabbie	 thanks so much for sharing<3 we love you no matter what your weight is or what you look like!! please sharing the rest of your journey<33																																			________________________________																																				Fat	 skinny. ugly	 pretty	 etc WE are a family and we should all love each other																																	Gabbie I found 2 ppl who are haters it would be nice if u blocked them btw love how open u are here are the ppl CendoUr fatÊÊ Mehr MalekÊÊAnd you are rude!																																				Thank you Gab																																				"That demon line. The stopping comparisons. Thank you. I am not ""too tall, too skinny."" I'm fine. Thank you Gabbie. I love you"																																				Awe	 Gab__ WE LOVE YOU SO MUCH__																																			if you are feeling generous and would like to help me out with tuition please go to https://www.gofundme.com/2ez9ahg even a dollar would be highly appreciated																																				I really really REALLY needed this...I fucking love you	 Gabbie																																			Thank you GABY. Just thank you(:																																				you're beautiful																																				I wanna thank you for making this video. I struggle with some of the same things as you. Sometimes I eat a lot	 Sometimes I don't eat at all. I'm so young but I worry about what others think of me and how much I weigh. And this helped me become more conscious to my surroundings that my weight doesn't matter	 My confidence does. So thank you again for being basically a family member to me and helping me overcome my issues. I love you!																																		"I'm sorry I'm about to be depressing but I can't tell my friends try all find me attention whoreish enough and I have no one to tell this and I need it off my chest Here I go:I've always felt fat at 5""4' and 164 lb and 12 years old, my parents would look at the scale at the doctors and wisper in my ear ""142?! Let's work on that!"" I started lying about it to them they think I'm 30 pounds lighter. I try to moderate my food intake but sometimes I feel like I lose control. I don't even want to eat anymore, I don't feel like I deserve it. The voices in my head tell me""You waste oxygen, space, your parents money, and you are gonna add food to that list? Are you crazy?""I wake up late on everyday I can so I don't feel the pain of not eating breakfast and then I eat a lot of food for lunch,I lay in.Bed wondering how I consumed so much, why am I so selfish?There are starving children and i waste the food on me!I want to go to a therapist but I waste their time and I don't deserve to feel better"																																				hi																																				This video almost made me cry tbh																																				I would also love to hear more about your journey you're fucking amazing																																				you're so strong and brave Gabbie!																																				Thank you	 thank you so much for this. I myself am on a journey of happiness and healthiness	 and this is just the boost of inspiration that I needed. You're an amazing inspiration	 and person! Keep doing what you're doing.																																	I fucking love you you're amazing and such an inspiration to sooooo many people you have such a big heart and WE FUCKING LOVE YOOOUUUUUUUUUUU____________________																																				When I was about 8 I went anorexic for a year. I was too young to understand what was going on but I was really anorexic. All I ate were soft food. My family was scared but I didn't know what was happening. I went to a therapist and they tried to explain but it never sunk in. I love this video a lot though it really helps people admit what they have and it may even help them in the long run	 love you Gabbie :3																																			Wow Gabi I love this	 thank you__																																			really valuable insight!!! ____																																				Gabbie i am 14 and i think your amazing. Guys don't treat you right. I hope your show my comment cause I want people to know your amazing.																																				Gabbie i am 14 and i think your amazing. Guys don't treat you right. I hope your show my comment cause I want people to know your amazing.																																				Gabbie	 thank you for this video. You have really showed me things to think about. You are a role model. Thank you for everything you do! I love you.																																			I would like to see a more detailed video	 because I have struggled with eating disorders before also	 and listening to one of the women I look up too discuss it	 because I feel less alienated by it while watching this video. I know that this video was probably very hard to make and I respect you a lot for doing so. Love you <3																																	this made me cry when you said to not judge yourself too hard																																				Aww Gabbie... I love you so much...																																				I just actually cried watching this. every word she said resonated with my current situation. I've been so afraidÊto go get help	 because I keep telling myself I don't have a problem. but after watching this I realize that I do. Thank you for being open	 Gabbie. Because of this video	 I will be contacting a therapist and going to get help. _ _																																	what's on your face? you're really pink																																				"For those who feel fat: Write the word ""FAT"" in big letters on a piece of paper. Stand in the mirror and hold this sign in front of you. When you look in the mirror, you should see a beautiful person with a sign that says ""TAF"", which means ""Totally Awesome and Fabulous"". You are not FAT, you are TAF <3"																																				Everyone needs to be nicer Gabbie. Gabbie is the most realist you tuber I know the whole YouTube and vine thing hasn't gone to her head and it never does. Be Your Self Gabbie Love Who You Are No Matter What Anyone Says __________________																																				Gabbie!!! ______																																				I just met you yesterday and you were so genuine and sweet :) and i just subscribed to you																																				Hey Gabbie	 I want to tank you so much for making this video. I've been struggling a lot with my weight lately and have developed an eating disorder. Hearing you talk about this has made me want to try and get better because you're such a big role model for me. I look up to you and everything you do. Thank you so much Gabbie	 I love you.																																		Write this down! There were parts in this video where you were starting to sound like some seriously good beat poetry. You should do that.																																				so proud of you gabbie! not everyone can open up and talk about something sensitive and private in front of a million people love you																																				This was beautiful gabs ______																																				Nice job on your eyeliner! Cute! Thanks for speaking out. It is so important to talk. Powerful and beautiful. Thank you Gabbie!																																				I love you to death gabbie __																																				Yes please give a more descriptive video!__																																				Oh my goddddd	 you're such a beautiful and amazing person! Whenever I'm in a mad/sad mood I can always count on you to cheer me up!!																																			This has nothing to do with her physically	 but when she started talking about her eating disorder I felt disgusted for some reason	 it was really hard for me to watch the whole video idk why																																		Was anyone one else eating while watching this and as the vid went on slowly put it down																																				you are so strong and courageous to go through this! You are beautiful just the way you are! Stay strong Gabbie!!																																				this video made me cry. you're beautiful __																																				i honolstly think evrryone has a little bit of shame when it come to eating or weight	 but there perfect they dont dont. see how perfect and lucky they are. All i have ever wanted was to look normal i have a skin condition that broke out really bad and i had to stay in hospital for weeks and visit 3 days a week for 5 months and im still recovering and i also have scars going down my legs so ill never go swimming or wear shorts again																																			thank you so much for making this video it helped me a lot people have told me I was fat and I always felt fat	 but this really helped me feel better about myself and the way I look_																																			Gabbie... you are beautiful!! Your body is amazing like omg goalss! don't ever change yourself because of comments and crap that people say	 they don't know you or what you have been through! LOVE YOURSELF	 love yourself as much as your fans do	 as much as I do... you are such an inspiration and I love you so so soooo much!_ stay strong bbg__																																	Im soo proud of you gab																																				This made me feel so much better. Thank you	 Gabbie __																																			"Thank you for being this raw and candid about your personal struggles- weight related or other. I've been struggling with my weight for as long as I can remember and seeing as my immediate family knows absolutely nothing about nutrition but only go for flavor and cultural (mostly greasy and has nothing nutritional about it), I had to learn everything I know now on my own. I've lost about 20 lbs over the last few years and have been gaining and losing the same damn pounds for months but I've recently taken on the ""healthy"" not ""numbers"" mentality. Point is: Thank you for being open. You're beautiful and you're incredibly capable."																																				Fuck I'm crying.																																				Gabbie you are beautiful and so nice and I know how you feel but you are beautiful and you are so brave for telling us about your eating disorders and just know that we all love you__________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________																																				I love this video so much________gabbie keep working on your goal your beautiful to me and will always be	 you have taught me so much in this video and don't let the stupid hate comments get you down	 you are loved by your fans so much and that's all you need to see	 ignore the hate because	 truth is the people who give all the hate are jelious of you	 I love you so much gabbie and ____want you to know that																															We want more in depth																																				This honestly hit me so hard. Thank you.______																																				You look hot don't worry																																				If anyone and I mean ANYONE wants or needs to talk we can message on musically mine is @madisonengland3 just comment on a musically and say #BeautyComesInAllSizes and then I'll follow you and if you follow me and I follow you we can message and I have some background in this area I don't what to publicly say in the comments but I will try my best to help or just listen to anyone who wants to talk it doesn't have to be about eating disorders it can be about anything I'm here for all of you beautiful people <3																																				I can't tell you how much this made me smile I would love to know more about your journey through your eating disorders																																				I love this so much it has so many good meanings.																																				You are amazing Gabbie! Don't be assamed of yourself. you are beautiful! no matter what!																																				"This video means so much Gabbie! I'm 23 years old, and have had an eating disorder for about ten years now. Our stories are so similar, and hearing how you have overcome your problems, and continue to fight every day, really gives me hope. I'm ""recovering"" at the moment, and whilst I still have bad days, the good far outweigh them now. I'm on track to loving myself for who I am, and I hope you are too! :) Love you always <3"																																				whats the song at the end?																																				This has helped me so much thanks for making this video! Your my hero!																																				By the way	 thank you for sharing. Your beautiful and awesome and just yeah	 all that good stuff!__																																		I really wanna give u a hug rn ILYSM ____																																				_ this is why I love you																																				I've been around little lovely lady!_ I like your channel and your personality but it's an important time right now for our generation and I'm staying in tune with that just as much as I possibly can right now! You always rock on a Goddess level and you know that!__ anyways	 I don't want to bring politics to your lovely channel so God bless you and see you around beautiful!__ o yeah	 I forgot where I heard it but I heard you where a lesbian....__ I so hope that's not true~ God bless.																																		Skinny mini																																				Skinny mini																																				I love these kinds of videos and your story times ________ You are my goals as a person And you've made me think about making better choices in life and being that best I can be ____________________love u																																				____________																																				Who else thought she meant a real gold fish ____																																				Thank you Gabbie.																																				It helped me																																				Your before photo night be some ones after photo Omg Gabbie ur r the best human being VOTE FOR GABBIE FOR PRESIDENT																																				i've never gone through a eating disorder	 but i have suffered / am currently suffering from mental health disorders (bipolar	 SAD	 GAD	 depression) and they actually have a lot in common	 for example suffering with the idea of 'perfection'	 an aspect of which i know happens to many people whom suffer from eating disorders. Gabbie you are one of the only people who describe things are they are	 and dont romanticise it or sugar coat it. Thank you for that	 people need to become more self aware.																												this is the opposite if the Dear fat people video lol																																				This is absolutely beautiful <3																																				this made me cry .. Wow																																				"Gabbie, you have no idea how much you've touched me with this video... I've been dealing with eating disorders and self- hatred for the longest time. In fact, I was talking about this with my mom today. She keeps telling me that I'm skinny and beautiful and whatnot, but I just don't believe her. I've dealt with people telling me I'm fat and ugly most of my life. People ran away from me in elementary school, they gave me a monster's name: ""Shakedenoos"". Everytime I made contact with anyone, they had to pass the ""Shakedenoos touch"" to another person. This lasted for six years. During these years, I have gained a lot of weight. I've been exercising and eating healthy lately and I have lost some weight. Thanks to you. You inspire me to be confident in my own body. You inspire me to get off the couch, put down that damned bag of chips and work out. I lost more excessive weight in the last half a year (ever since I first found your channel) than I lost in the last 5 years (or even more). I look better than ever and now, after watching this video, I can finally admit it. Yes, I may not be skinny enough to feel comfortable in shorts, but I sure am skinny enough to wear tank tops in public and not be ashamed of the way I look. And this is all thanks to you. I love you Gabbie. You've changed my life.______________________"																																				im struggling a bit with my weight as im 145 pounds and 5'6 and everyone makes fun of me in my school because im a little bit bigger then everyone else. im currently counting calories and have lost 5 pounds so far and i hope to loose 30																																				I cried __																																				Gabbie you're beautiful :D np																																				Gabbie you are beautiful! Don't let anyone tell you any different __																																				Gabbie	 I basically have the same story you have and I'm still trying to change things with my therapist but this video was very helpful so thankyou __																																			Gabbie's body is goals																																				This video was amazing __																																				Don't hurt your body pleaseee																																				Watching this sparked my anxiety so I can't finish																																				Good job																																				Gabbie you are beautiful when I finish developing my body (yes I am in the awkward stage) I HOPE I look like you it hard for me to lose weight because I have athletic-induced asthma but I have always been healthy I have never felt that though because the people I hang with have NEVER been overweight or struggled with the things I do so keep being the beautiful you your videos have helped me laugh when all I can do is cry and I have the best for your future																																				Gab	 You are Slaying. Don't let anyone bring you down #PurpleHeartsForGabbie																																			Thankyou for making this video																																				__________ love you gabs																																				Thank you so much for this video.. I've been on the brink of an eating disorder for a very long time now, but thanks to people like you I can be educated and know warning signs. It's really hard for me because I don't want to eat and everytime I take a bite I think I can feel myself getting larger but I force myself to anyway because I know it's better for me and have desperately tried to stay away from diets and focus more on healthy eating. But if it wasn't for you I'd still be feeling horrible about and regretting the lunch I just ate. love you Gabbie_																																				I got a dominos pizza commercial before this. ____																																				love love love this video																																				thank you for being so inspirational ______																																				Holy crap preach it!!!! I love this girl!!!																																				You should definitely make a more in depth video																																				Gabbie you are so inspirational and so strong. You are an incredible role model for lots of people out there. Stay Strong Gabbie	 we're with you all the way ___																																			I feel your Pain	 i went to the doctors office and they're like you need to lose weight because they seem that i might be over weight and everybody around me say im good for my age. Im 145 pounds and im 13 and i always feel like thats why i cant fit in my cutest clothes and im always self-consonance about myself and i always feel fat but i am now getting thru it so thank you so much																																			love thisss gabby																																				I do NOT know why everyone hates gabbie! DO NOT haye on her!! SHE DOES NOT NEED THAT HATE!! So if you hate her than think about her insighty! SO ya dont hate on her!																																				you are beautiful																																				This helped me a LOT. Thank you so much Gabbie																																				What a beautiful message!																																				you made me cry	you might not see this but you truly are a inspiration...this video means so much beyond compare as i believe it may others too																																			GABBY YOUR BODY IS GOALS!____																																				when do you upload gabbie ?																																				Your beautiful honey! I love watching your channel you make me look at my crazy life as well and not feel so affected by it. Thank you for being yourself bc who you are is amazing girl.																																				Gabbie stay strong <3 ________________________________________________																																				Gabbie I need your help	 I feel like my best friend is struggling with an eating disorder. She claims she can't gain weight and wants to eat more	 but she can't bring herself to. She's a vegan and I don't think she realizes how little she eats. I tell her if she wants to gain a few pounds to be healthier that's awesome	 but if she's not willing to eat healthy amounts of good full food it won't happen. Please help me.																																	__________ love you Gabbie																																				More depth please																																				________________________________________________________________________________________________________________love you__________________________________________________________________________________________																																				There is no doubt that Gabbie is the most inspiring YouTuber ever. Her words are so wise and it's very obvious what she says comes from the heart and her own experiences. stay Awesome Gab! <3																																				I have a eating disorder too...I want to go on a diet.I try too.And I just eat a chocolate bar. I can't .I am not strong enough to get healthy I am not strong enough..																																				Very well done																																				"Not eating doesn't make you skinnier .your body eats all your muscle and makes you for lack of better words ""flabby"" .im extremely sympathetic to people with anorexia I just want people to kno to eat.dont care what people think about you .do what makes you happy and I hope everyone's happy .and at the end when she said she worried more about her health not size almost made me cry because that's all I want for everyone is just to be healthy and happy____"																																				this video hits me hard because my whole life I've compared myself to people I'll never be able to be and I've made my self realize that I have a completely different build than all of the other women I've always looked at.. I had to learn that you can't compare your self to others because your body won't ever look like that and it's not at bad thing. you have to love yourself and not compare yourself.___ I love you gabbie I'm so happy you are getting better this video means a lot____																																				When I was younger I always worried (and kinda still do) about getting obese and I would always watch what I ate... I'm going into 7th grade I'm 4'9 yeah small but I way less than 80 pounds I try to eat more but I just can't make myself do it :/																																				"someone very important to me once said "" The struggle of being overweight is less than the struggle of getting healthy."" the work out hurts short term, but negative self body image hurts long term. Gabbie, I appreciate you. Mind, body, and soul - take good care of them"																																				Thank you for this video																																				Loved this...I'm 30 and it took me a long time to love my body...I'm small a uk size 8-10 but I'm not toned I have lumps and bumps and stretch marks and I had emergency surgery a few years ago to save my life this resulted in scars on my tummy now I can see those scars but other people claim not to I hated them I really struggled with them....but now I love them like I don't mind showing them off I don't care who sees them because Iv learnt they saved my life without them I wouldn't be here and that is a bigger tragedy than a few scars (my family and friends say me down and explained how they would of felt if they had lost me) I think men and women struggle with their bodies and the short story of it is we have to learn to love ourselves flaws and all...once we do that our confidence grows and people see that....it's worth the fight because the love you feel for yourself and body afterwards is truly amazing x																																				Wow. I want you to know, I honestly never comment on YouTube videos. Really, ever. But this video was so touching, I want you to know that! I love your channel and content, and this is greatly different than that, which makes it all the more relatable. To hear someone who I myself have legitimately done that exact comparasion of myself to speak on exactly that... indescribable. I can relate to so much of what you've explained feeling. I've never had an eating disorder, that I'm aware of, but I have 100% had and continue to have all of those feelings. I have been called fat and felt fat, compared myself, and completely not appreciated my strength or my body when I was in great shape- so many times. Now that I am 7+ months pregnant and bringing a baby girl into this world, these things are that much more important. Though, like you, my mental body battles are far from over, I am far more aware of them now as a pregnant woman and soon to be mother. Thank you, from the bottom of my heart, for sharing this with us. _																																				I had no idea that you actually listened to those hate comments and believed them you're a beautiful wonderful person and those people are probably obsessed with their own bodies and very self conscious. I have always thought your body was wonderful and working towards being healthier like you are	 is amazing! keep up the wonderful work	 we will always be there for you :)																																		Idk bout everyone else but personally I'd like a vid on your story further explained as I know there are other fans like me that also struggle(d) with an ED and are interested in hearing your story and battle __																																				Awww																																				You are an amazing person and so confident and so funny I have had weight problems lately too and it sucks but this video helped	 it helped me to look at life a different way. So thank you for being you and doing what you do____																																			Thank you so much for sharing this! This is literally the same thing I've struggled with for years and have finally been eating in a healthy way for a year now and have lost 20 pounds mostly just by giving my body what it needs and being active in fun activities. You are beautiful and smart Gabbie! Never forget that __																																				IF YOU ARE FAT OWN IT BABY. OKAY? WHO SAYS YOU CANT BE FAT AND BEAUTIFUL. YOU DONT HAVE CONFORM TO THE SOCIAL NORM OF 'BEAUTY'. YOU ARE PERFECT AND BEAUTIFUL AND WORTH IT IN EVERY WAY. DO NOTTTTTTT LET SHITTY PEOPLE TELL YOU YOU ARENT. I KNOW ITS HARD BUT YOULL BE OKAY. I PROMISE. haha caps because i needed to get peoples attention for the message. Stay strong, and stay beautiful lovelies.																																				____THE________________________GABBIE__________________ ____SHOW__________________																																				Gabby just know that it doesn't matter how u look. I would still smash no matter what.																																				This is a great video. I love the part about comparison. It's so true.																																				If somebody has and eating disorder and they are dangerously over or underweight don't call them perfect because it makes it harder for them to accept the fact that they aren't healthy.Gabbi I am not talking about you but I am trying to make my point.																																				I actually really like videos like this from gabbie!																																				"This video opened my eyes to so many things. No one is 100% confident in there body and we all have insecurities. But this just helped me to be more confident and not bring myself down as much. Because I just watched a girl who has an amazing body going through so much. And I wish society wasn't so harsh about being ""perfect"". Like Hannah Montana says nobody is perfect lol! People just need to stop the hate! Gabbie this video was so inspiring and I really hope the best for you in the feature! Don't listen to what other people say because there option doesn't matter it's all about how you feel! I love you so much!!! Thanks for this amazing video________"																																				Thank you gabbie! This is by far my favorite video!																																				your not fat your curvy																																				@thegabbieshow	 you may not always realize it.. But you are seriously an amazing inspiration. Thank you for sharing your struggle. #neveralone __																																			Inspiring ____																																				Thank you. I needed this.																																				I LOVE YOU GABBIE YOUR SO INSPIRING HOPE FOR A PART 2																																				This is honestly so inspiring and I'm struggling on my journey so I'd love to hear a more in depth story about yours. Stay strong :)																																				I sarry that u had a eating disprder but we're u anorexic? __																																				To everyone, You're beautiful, that means you. No matter what anyone saying to you keep going. I have thought of myself as fat but my friends helped me and they didn't even know it __ Love, Riley S.																																				I love you gabbie ________________________________________																																				Gabbie you are beautiful the way you are																																				You are beautiful no matter what you have the most positive attitude you are awesome keep doing what you do Yes you have the biggest heart____																																				this was heart breaking to watch. having someone I look up to so much to share something that no one should ever have to go through	 just made me rethink everything. because she always cheers me up and makes me laugh uncontrollably either by her videos or snapchat story's. she's made my life completely better meanwhile she was struggling but still making a difference. gabbie you are an inspiration to me I love you so much__																																			Stay strong gabbie__________																																				2:3 i want to know more...																																				"You're really an awesome person, and I think its super bold and cool of you, to put up such a persenol video <3 I would love to hear more about ""the journey""<3 <3 (sorry about bad spelling :/ :D) Love from here, gabby<3"																																				You're always beautiful to us Gabbie <3																																				You are a queen ______ I love you!																																				gabbie is the best																																				Really glad you posted this	 you don't know how many lives you're positively affecting. Thank you.																																			I a	 proud of you because I go through not wanting eat and I am at a very young age wear it can affect my health a lot of.																																			Thank you																																				I like these serious videos. I could tell you were really hesitant on saying certain things and I'm happy you opened up a little ____																																				I couldn't eat because of chronic depression	 which is a disorder by itself																																			Your beautiful gabby and one of my goals____																																				________________________________																																				I would like to hear your whole journey	 please.																																			My mom and my grandma were anorexic. I've always compared myself to my sister who's very skinny and beautiful and people bullied me about my weight :(. Luckily with help from my mom I never really had a full on eating disorder. For everyone who's struggling with eating disorders and things like that	 I'm really sorry. Just remember that you're perfect and what other people say doesn't matter __																																			This video is so important																																				ily too																																				My Internet Aunt coming thru with that good advice.																																				"You probably won't see this... but, Gabbie, I think you're beautiful. And not in the sense that ""wow you look so nice!"" or even ""your body is so perfect!"" I just mean that everything about you is sooper fabulous. You fab, gurl."																																				Yes do more																																				Gabby u are the most beautiful I have ever met no matter what anybody says u are a amazeing person thank u																																				all that ass and you had a eating disorder wow																																				I relate to this on so many levels																																				"At the end, when the song ""try"" played, I lost it, I cracked up"																																				wow gabbie! thank you so so much for making this Video! it really helps to know that i'm not alone and that even my rolemodel struggle with the same Problems as me. I#ve been dieagnosed with atypical anorexia and it's really hard for me to love myself. i'm getting help now. it's still hard but i'm trying. i love you so much and thank you so much for making this Video!Stay Strong!																																				"I'm a 20 y/o guy and I have been dealing with eating disorders since childhood. It started from binge eating as a means to compensate for emotional distress to bulimia and anorexia. It was only at 18 y/o that I learnt that I had eating disorders and body dysmorphia. Even though I was aware of my situation, I still didn't try to make a move to step out it. I was sick in the head. I could lose all the weight in the world and it was never enough, and self-harming became an addiction, a relief. Today, I'm still battling to manage my eating disorders. It's tough but it's a journey worth the effort. ""You've got every right to a beautiful life"" - Selena Gomez & The Scene (Who Says)"																																				You are very amazing. __ You helped me																																				this made me like you even more. thank you for this __																																				this is amazing																																				_________________________																																				same.																																				Your beautiful just the way you are	 don't change a thing	 love you __																																		Thank you so much this really made me think I have always thought I was thought I was fat because my friends were tiny I love you thanks																																				I cried during this video you see I'm thirteen years old and its currently 3:32pm I haven't eaten breakfast or lunch because I feel like I ate too much yesterday sort of like tabbies situation																																				You're an inspiration to me too. I struggle with my confidence so much. I grew up sucking in my stomach	 thinking I'm fat and hating my body. My parents threw out the scale we had in the bathroom b/c I would obsessively check my weight multiple times a day. I still am struggling to come to terms and hopefully get to the point you're at (focusing on my health instead of weight and accepting of myself). Keep up the good work! I'm proud of you!																																			Thank you so much for speaking out about this. I struggle day after day for years with my anxiety and eating disorder consume my life. I am just only now being able to take steps in the right direction to get healthier not skinnier. You are such an amazing role model for someone who is around the same age as me. I really hope that you will see this comment. It would really mean the world to me. Thank You Gabbie! I love who you are	 what you do	 and what you stand for!____																																		Gabbie please do more videos like this! It really helps																																				I have been called fat I weight 100 lbs at 12 I look at my self seeing me as a fatty and nasty so after this video I look in the mirror and saw how skinny I was a thought thank god gabbie made his video. ________________																																				"I would like to know more. If you would like to tell us. I would like to know more about you. I loved this video so much. Thank you for making it. (Btw I think your one of the most beautiful people I know. I aspire to be more like you) my parents say I need to eat more. Even though I think I eat a lot. My sisters will either call me way to skinny or that I'm ""pushing out"" (<in my stomach) even tho I'm not. Which can make me very self conscious. But anyway. I love you and your videos. Your beautiful. That's all bye!"																																				I would love to hear more about this! I think that you are amazing _ Thank you for sharing! I need to hear more like this	 because I know how it feels	 and it is refreshing to hear that you are not alone_																																		"+The Gabbie Show I love all you videos whether they're ""HAHA Funny"" or serious. You're AMAZING!"																																				Your not fat its gust that your waist is big No affense																																				<3																																				Gabbie. I'm not sure if I stubble with a eating disorder but everything you just explained related to me. People wouldn't call me fat I was force fed as a child I thought I wasn't perfect I thought I was fat and need to lose weight so I wouldn't eat. I'm still like that and all my friends call me anorexic. I've cried countless nights to sleep wondering when this will end. I would just not eat for a couple of day. Then I started to realize I wasn't healthy. Thank you gabbie you are one of the reasons why I choose to be a bit more healthy __																																				hug																																				Gabbie this video made my day! I always feel insecure about my body and this video helped a lot! It was very inspiring so thank you!____																																				___ ^ Me Trying Not To Cry For Her																																				I loved this so much. Thank you for this Gab. __																																				"Tips: if you feel fat; dont starve yourself, or limit the amount you're eating, or eat 'fat-free products' (there's a crap ton of sugar in it which will still make you fat). Just eat a few carrots when you're hungry, instead of a chocolate bar, or go for a run if you're feeling like self-harming. Starving yourself won't help. Whatever you do, just eat something. It can be anything you like; as long as it's something so your body doesn't start to hurt you."																																				Aw	 Gabbs	 we love you	 this could bke very helpful to girls who are going through the same thing!																																	Thank you for making this video to shed light on how real and difficult mental illnesses are. I would love to see a longer video from you on the details of your journey!! Although I don't know you personally	 I am so proud of how far you've come. <3																																			I had anorexia for two years around this time have now recovered but omgf I'v never related to someone so much. Thank you ______																																				________________________																																				I love u just the way you are: * i struggled like you in the high school and i lost weight and i still struggling everyday even when i have healthy body THIS is the best video for teens and women who's struggling like us .. love u ___																																				wow gabbie you really are a hippocite																																				And ur aren't fat now ____________																																				Gabbie u have never been fat ______________________																																				You are so strong for posting this ____																																				________________________																																				"I've always been way bigger than most people my age, I'm a 5'8 female around and I've always looked at these MUCH skinnier people and thought ""why don't I look like that, something is wrong with me"" and I've been made fun of and still think I'm way overweight. And a few years ago when I had the flu, I lost 10 lbs because I didn't eat but a few crackers and I thought: this is what I need to do. I don't have an eating disorder, but I'm way overweight and don't know what to do. Probs play Pokemon go tbh"																																				Omg Gabbie I love you and your videos____																																				Omg I love this video so much__																																				I honestly think you're beautiful.																																				This video really made me think about myself. All my life I have been seen as a freak or something like that or I was fat and its brought a lot of negative thoughts into my head. A lot. And knowing that one of the people who can always bring a smile to my face wasn't always the strong independent person I've always seen her as just makes it so much easier to feel like I can make it. I've never felt connected with my family to where I know that I don't have to be scared to voice my opinion on something. I've become really unhealthy because I'm too scared to even leave my room. No matter what I do it's always seen as wrong or stupid. Ever since I could talk I've been struggling so hard. It's so much better to know that someone out there knows how I feel. Thank you Gabbie I love you with all my heart.																																				You are beautiful __																																				I teared up at 6:05																																				I love these videos	 really you're a good speaker :3																																			Lo'ts and lot's of purpur hearts for you Gabi love you soo much ________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________																																				this video touch me in so many ways I could really relate to her story.... by the end of the video I had tears running down my face... thank you Gabby it helps to know others are going through the same struggle as me ____																																				I want the more in depth story but also I feel so bad for you																																				"""Don't ever assume that you know somebody, you don't know their struggles, you don't know what they've been through, and you sure as hell don't know their demons"" Best quote ever."																																				thank you 4 this																																				Gabbie	 your awesome	 and this is random but i like your hair																																		Thanks for being such an inspiration	 Gabbie. You're very right. You are beautiful just the way you are																																			Love you Gabbie__																																				"The song at the end was the song my cousin sent to me when i was really self conscious about myself in every way possible, she said ""this song makes me think of you"" and when i heard it i 2nd thought my whole fucking life and it really motivated me. i am still really self conscious but im working on it :P"																																				I also wanted to tell u that my anorexia is caused by my depression and anxiety.Ur not fat and thank u for giving all ur fans wonderful advice we all appreciate it._																																				I was eating popcorn while watching this																																				thank you gabbie. im a girl (name is fake) and i struggle with my body. this video has helped me realize that you can be somebody you want to be	 and not be mad when i step on a scale or look in a mirror. we can all overcome our demons if we want to.																																			Hey gabbie I want u to stay strong cause if I can u can. I have anorexia and bulimia. Anorexia is were u force ur self not to eat and bulimia is when u eat and u throw up after. I'm praying for u gabbie just stay strong. People love u and wants u to get better so just believe u can do this.																																				woo I see you coming up on those 2 million subs girl																																				Any suggestions for someone who can't afford a therapist or is nervous to go. My anxiety stems from judgement and I talk to my family and friends but I don't think they are capable of helping me like a professional could.																																				"this video really means a lot to me... I've been ""dieting"" for months now and I really don't think I've lost any weight... I've always struggled with eating disorders as well but no one ever noticed because I was a ""normal"" weight. this video opened my eyes because I'm super hard on myself about food and anytime I actually log my calories for the day the results are shockingly low.. I really do always feel like I'm eating so much tho.. it's just hard for me to know how much to eat or even want to eat when every time I think about food all I hear in my mind is anyone whose ever judged me about what I was eating.. __"																																				I love u gabbie __																																				Look at a ladybug. It's small right? But to a flea it's HUGE. Think about it it's from YOUR prospective																																				__ always be yourself																																				You are literally so beautiful. If you can't find a bf hmu on snapchat big_longd																																				dam gabby this was deep u said it all Amen !!! & dats true u cnt compare your physical appearance wth someone esle cuz were all different from top t bottom and ur perfect thu way u r cuz ur u and no one can do it better thm being u cuz ur unique																																				what's eating disorder																																				You are such a strong person Gabs. I love you so much __________																																				Wow that was very inspiring. Thanks																																				I LOVE YOU SOO much your very inspiring and helpful.____																																				I honestly cant stop eating	 but at the same time it makes me feel fat	 depressed	 anger( with self) but i cant stop	 I have the habit of always comparing myself to everyone else. I tried to stop eating	 and even went as far to throw up my food right after eating it.																															"Gabbie you are so so so so beautiful and have an AMAZING body. I have been watching your channel for a while and I have always thought you were absolutely gorgeous. I know there are millions of comments on here, but i hope that you read this one. People have always told me that I'm ""just so skinny"" ""aren't you hungry?"" or the worst one, ""stop talking about your insecurities, you are too skinny to have any"" Although this may sound like I'm just super skinny, in MY head I have an oddly shaped stomach, ugly dead hair, weird hands, and I know for a fact that I DO have a flat chest and ass bc everyone always tells me ""your body would be so perfect if only you had boobs/a butt"" I know this sounds silly, but that really does hurt me. They don't mean to hurt me but they do. And the worst part is, the people that say these things, are my 'friends' . So I just wanted to say that contrary to popular belief, skinny girls cry too. All of this is said to me and I'm only 13. I think that our society is soo awful that it has taught 13 YEAR OLD girls to feel bad about the way they look. No matter how many times people tell you how pretty you are or how they wish they could have your body. The fact that other girls my age worry about having big boobs and butt is so terrible and it's sad that my friends and I worry and cry over these things at age 13. I don't know how else to say it, but I just wanted someone to hear this story from a 13 year old. : )"																																				I love you Gabbie! Thank you for this <3																																				truly inspiring gab																																				Hi gabbie!! :) I love your videos!! If I could figure out how to put notifications on you would be one of the first people I put it on for!!!!! __																																				Gabbie inspires me :)																																				Don't tell people who have an ED or went through one to go vegan	 what the hell is wrong with you? That does not help	 that's shit. It's the same thing as telling someone that's extremely fat to go vegan?? It's just shit. Just encourage them to get better	 don't give them an alternative.																																	I relate to this so much because from a very young age I struggled with comparing myself to others physically and mentally and I hated myself for a long time because of it. Now I understand how unhealthy that is and I can work on being the best version of myself I can be instead of being the ideal version of myself to someone else. :-)																																				I would like to know more about it																																				gabbie you are my favorite and the fact you can put yourself out there and what you've said makes me think I need a 3rd person perspective because binge eating then not eating much for a couple of days is what I did all through out my childhood and now trying to get healthier and skinnier is incredibly hard and looking at old photos made me realize I've had an eating disorder my whole life and never realized either! :-/. thanks for the video it doesn't condone it just opens people's eyes and just can't day enough thanks and I'm so glad you are keeping your head up and level with everything.																																				You're beautiful	 Gabbie__																																			I love you	 Gabbie. Te amo	 en serio.																																		Crap. Now I'm in tears.																																				I cried while watching this	 you are so strong GABBI I love you so much																																			Its really true that we are our own worst critics	 because I honestly think Gabbie is so beautiful.. I'd tap that any day of the week	 month or year tbh																																		Thank you	 please make more!!!!																																			Thank you for filming this. Thank you is all I can say. I have such a similar experience meeting another woman at the pool and her saying all of that kind of stuff	 and yes	 she was bigger naturally after having three kids and all	 but that'd didn't bother me at all	 but the crazy thing was that I was obviously smaller than her	 yet I was covering my own legs and stomach while I was talking to her	 and not because of the nice sunny weather. I was ashamed of my own body when I didn't even care about someone else's	 when in fact it really doesn't matter how big or small you are	 you just need to be healthy. That's all. So thanks for reminding me of that. Thank you Gabbie.																												THIS IS THE MOST INSPIRING VIDEO I HAVE EVER SEEN																																				:/																																				I love this video and you so so much Gabbie! You are beautiful!																																				Gabbie you awesome love your vids!!!!!																																				You are amazing. This video is amazing. I don't think you realize just how many people you touch with things like this. You're beautiful and I certainly know how the woman you spoke with feels like. It's about doing for you	 though	 and it's so so so nice to see you doing it for YOU.																																		You are an inspiration	 Gabbie.																																			Gabbie you slay queen i love you																																				I love you so much gabbie and I'm so proud of you for trying to get help. And I would love to hear the full story. ___																																				"I hate how people can be considered fat. You're fat when you are at risk of death because you are so unhealthy. Now of course that statement has some exceptions. Some people have problems while being skinny. Why does being chubby mean anything??? Like I don't understand how you can look at someone and be like ""ew I don't wanna talk to them they're fat."" Or ""ew she's ugly cause she's fat"" The ugliest thing in this world is when some human thinks they have the right to judge another human. If you're religious that's gods job, if you're not them who the hell cares. Now I can't say everyone is perfect the way you are. But take a look at yourself, what's wrong with you, cause I see nothing wrong with any human on this planet. Unless you're an ass hole cause k bye."																																				gabbie 	 we all love you <3																																			do a song named black cost																																				"""It's not about losing weight, it's about gaining confidence"" you said it best, Gab. I'm so proud of you <3 thank you for sharing your story :)"																																				"The part where she said ""you before photo may be somebody's goals photo"" I cried sooo much! I'm so insecure about my body my looks everything due to COMPARING my self to other people, and this video literally made me change the way I think COMPLETELY. I was kinda scared to watch this video but I'm so glad I did__"																																				youre amazing and you got this!!!:)																																				Gabbie	 I love you so much. This video and others that you've done were exactly what I needed when I was in middle school. Going into high school	 I never thought I'd make it. When I graduated	 it was all totally surreal. I couldn't believe it. I don't have many idols- that aren't music related- but you are most definitely someone I look up to. You mean the world to me and I'm so happy I found your channel. _____																																	____																																				gabbie u are not fat u are gorgeous ily																																				I think have what you have gabby I'm 13 and Loy key scared ____																																				Thank you so much for this. You're beautiful inside and out.																																				i absolutely love this. as long as someone is healthy and happy why do you judge them? in fact	 why do you even give a fuck? <3																																			"""it's not about losing weight, it's about gaining confidence "" my new fave quote"																																				She's fat	 what eating disorder is this?																																			"Whoever disliked this video and put out negative comments have no idea what people with eating disorders go through. I want you to go for a day without eating or eating so much you just can't move. Its hard. Watching fat just pile on is very hard. I know what people are going to reply with... ""well then stop eating"" ""why don't you try to loose weight"" y'all don't know how hard it is.... thank you Gabbie for sharing your story with us, it's really inspirational!"																																				Gabbie. You have no idea how much this helped me! I feel a little bit better about myself. I've had issues with myself for years	 and it's always been a struggle for me to accept myself	 but maybe for the last week I've been feeling inspired to get in better shape and look at myself as a human being	 af say this is me. I love you Gabbie! You've helped me a lot over the past couple months	 by just having videos like this. And making me laugh in general. Idk. I just wanted to say thank you! __																																Omg gabby __																																				L																																				L																																				I was eating sour patch kids while watching This ______																																				You are beautiful!!!!!!!																																				just slap ya on the ass and ride the waves in	 joking gab don't worry about your size hell girl.skinny bitches hurt																																			As someone who went through and eating disorder (and in a way still kind of is because they don't ever quite go away) this helps so much to have something to relate to and having someone open up about it and show people that they are not alone it is really helpful and so brave especially coming from someone as beautiful and amazingly funny and supportive as you gabbie I love you!																																				GABBIE WE WANNA KNOW THE DETAILS																																				"This really hit close to home for me. I kinda worry because I realize that despite making the ""reading hate comments"" video a year ago and everything, comments like that may have cut deeper than you let on at the time, and I'd hate to think that you'd ever make a video that isn't good for you just because of us. Please take care of yourself!! We love you, and I don't think I'm just speaking for myself when I say we truly care about your well-being more than a funny reaction video, okay? Just putting that out there."																																				You don't to change yourself to feel confident. #beyourself																																				GABBIE YOU'RE ALREADY SO PERFECT AND HAVE SUCH AN AMAZING BODY																																				Gabbie you're so perfect. I love you so much																																				I'm eating and watching this																																				I wish I could like this video a million times!																																				I'm so proud of you Gab																																				omg gabbie I knew u were gonna post this video I watched it in my dream omg but it was just a dream and it happened I'm getting scared now																																				You're body goals!!!!!																																				I started crying in the middle of the video. Thank you so much for making this.																																				Anyone	 what's the name of the song at the end of her video?																																			Gabbie	 I love you so	 so much. You don't even know. Thank you for being you.																																		gabbie you are beautiful!! this video was so inspirational and I look up to you 100%																																				love u gabbie																																				I cried during this																																				I really needed this. A constant reminder where I came from, How far I've gone, and the healthy life that I have now. . I hope this message gets across. Thank you for sharing your struggles because that just shows that we are not alone. __________																																				See this is why I love Gabbie	 she is amazing	 she is goals to me. And I love her channel because her channel has a little bit of everything. Also Gabbie to me you're skinny I mean I think I'm fat. Also I think most people think they're fat.																																		You are not FAT if anything you are on the skinny side!!!																																				______________________																																				Gabbie	 you are my role model. Love you!																																			be who you naturally are																																				if you gain more confidence in your skin you will lose weight on your stress																																				"Gabbie, all of those haters that tell your fat, don't listen to them. You are so beautiful and don't let anyone bring you down. This goes for everyone. Come my down below if you guys want to help me spread a message like this. We could use the quote Gabbie said about the ""you don't know their demons"" and post it on all of our social media!"																																				"if you say ""kys"" then you should kill yourslef"																																				Thank you.																																				Love this ____________																																				Gab don't let the hate get to you ur fabulous																																				GABBIE IM SO SORRY ABOUT THIS BUT YOUR GOING TO GET THROUGH THIS IM 15 IVE HAD EATING DISORDERS AND HAVING TROUBLE GAINING WEIGHT SINCE I WAS LITTLE AND ITS TOUGH AND IVE BEEN STRUGGLING FOR YEARS AND IM AT A WEIGHT RIGHT NOW THAT IM SEMI HAPPY WITH I WEIGH 70- 80 POUNDS AND THAT'S MOST IVE WEIGHED My WHOLE LIFE AND THIS VIDEO HAS HELPED ME SO MUCH DONT WORRY YOUR STRONG AND BEAUTIFUL DONT EVER LET ANY ONE TELL You THAT YOUR NOT __________																																				thanks for sharing this. Its not easy to talk about these things sometimes.																																				I've went through these things also in the last 3-4 years and I still have days that I hate myself but then I have days I love myself but I think with enough work anyone can get through it love you Gabbie __																																				Thank you for posting this__																																				I love you Gabbie this video is amazing you are very brave to talk about something like this I used to have an eating disorder where around 2nd grade i would refuse to eat real food and so i resorted to napkins for almost exactly 8 months I was below average weight and if i ate anything throughout my entire elementary years i would just throw it right back up. I've always had my parents tell me that if i ate what i kept eating throughout my life that i would end up fat and that i'm overweight but i've always thought of myself as being fat. I got over that, i still don't eat as much as i should but you inspire me to be who i am and be comfortable the way i am, thank you for that Gabbie <3																																				Hey Gabs I know you won't see this but I just wanted to thank you for making this video because now I know I'm not alone. I have an eating disorder called PKU where I basically can't eat any protein at all. That makes living like a normal kid extremely hard. People make fun of me for it	 people don't want to hang out with me because I'm different. I always compare myself to normal people and it drags me down so hard and far. I also worry about my body. Yeah I'm sorta just a big mess all around. I worry about my hair	 my body	 my skin	 my clothes	 basically everything. But I just got really good at hiding it and shoving it down so nobody would know. But I have a few very close friends that I can turn to because they worry about themselves like me	 I also turn to things like books	 video games	 and YouTube to lift me up. Gabbie	 your videos have taught me not too judge others	 and not to judge myself. And honestly your body is goals. Your so pretty and funny and I just aspire to be ...																										You are my inspiration in life	 I've also been through a lot. A person in my life is always telling me I'm fat	 but my friends don't think so. The reason why I feel fat is because of that person 	 the person tells me day and night I have to lose weight.																																	"Y'all, Gabbie is NOT fat. Trust me! She works the best she can to get to her goal and she has lost a lot of weight! I for one have noticed it through snapchat and YouTube! She was bigger but she wasn't fat! She is skinny and she was before! Gabbie, be you and only you. Don't let anyone tell you otherwise. I love you so much. And you are a HUGE inspiration, as well as this video. I've always thought as myself as to skinny cause I can't gain weight but these past couple months I've realized that I am people's goal even though I don't have boobs or a butt which is loved and what you need to have nowadays I am still considered a perfect body to everyone I've met. Rarely am I called ""to skinny"" and when I was called that I tried so hard to gain weight. Then I just ignored all the hate and listened to the people who have me confidence and said that they loved my body. So just be you. Block out the haters to the best of your ability. It's hard but not impossible, listen to the good. Ily __"																																				Gabriel	 you have a fat heart____ I want to be like you in that way __																																			Thank you for sharing this story	 Gabbie. It's super important to share these types of stories and make everyone seem just a bit more human!																																			You are truly beautiful																																				awwwww thank you so much for making this video gabbie! i have struggled with being called fat by my family and friends since i was 7 and i know most of them are kidding but it stills hurts regardless so i really thank you so much for this video i have never seen life in such light and i really appreciate this :)																																				I would like you too go more in depth if thats okay																																				My God	 Gabbie! Your words REALLY hit me in a deep emotional level. I've been told my entire life that I was fat and ugly and all of these HORRIBLE things	 and that's the mindset I've adopted for YEARS. I never believe my friends when they call me pretty... hell	 I don't even believe my BOYFRIEND when he calls me beautiful	 and that saddens me to no end! But this video... it made me feel like you were talking directly to me	 and I honestly feel like a HUGE weight has been let off of my shoulders. Thank you for making this video	 and thank you for reminding me not to believe the BULLSHIT that is society!																														You're not alone. 3 years ago putting on half a pound made me not eat for days. I've now gone up 2 dress sizes from gaining muscle and was actually PROUD when my old jeans were too tight. You're not alone and I'm so proud of you for being brave enough to share this __ xxxxxxx																																				That's true gabbie u are good and don't listen to people that call u fat u a beautiful woman there are people that is going to hate on u but haters are going to be hater love u gabbie____________ __																																				Gabbiecake	you are a great person don't be emberesed don't worrie about your weight don't worrie what people say about you your not fat your just being yourself do not compare eat healthy you have struggles keep yourself calm and just be you____																																			I love that you didn't rehearse this	 because it really helps if you just pile everything out on the table. I	 myself	 I suffer from severe depression	 anxiety and I also have an eating disorder. But	 YouTubers	 such as you	 have helped me learn more about myself and how to help myself. YouTubers like you have taught me to actually laugh and not just have a smile plastered to my face to make myself think I'm okay. I just wanna thank you	 Gabbie. You've done a lot for me	 even if I haven't seen you face to face	 nor do you even know me. ~Underdog Jess																										Gabbie your so real! I'm sure this video will touch a lot of people and help them with things they are going through. I love watching your videos. Keep moving forward and making life better for yourself!																																				Gabby! Thankyou for sharing your story	 this is such a personal subject. Just know that we love you	 because of your amazing	 outgoing being. At that	 you are also a really beautiful physical being too. You are perfect just the way you are <3.																																This is beautiful! I also struggle with an eating disorder. I keep denying it. But I feel like I cant talk to anyone :/ :(																																				*applause																																				I love you gabs! I had the same problem when I was younger. I remember when i was younger and my mom would cook I would eat a few bites then I would spit it out. My mom would get upset but I was to young to know the consequence of not eating. I had to go to different doctors. I was so thin you could count me ribs. And mom would say your going to end up in a hospital on machine. I can't really remember how I over came it. But I'm so glad that I did. But my first mistake and one of the big things that caused it was I was comparing myself to the girls at school. So I have learn to be myself and not compare yourself to no one. You are beautiful gabbie! We love you and another thing people shouldn't judge other on the way they look because you never know what they are going through.																																				Gab	 just know	 you're beautiful. You're gorgeous and beautiful and amazing and incredible and we love you so so so so so so so much. Never let people tell you you aren't. Because you're beautiful. __________																																		Gabbie you are genuinely the first person I've seen online/in the media who represents my body type. I love that. I finally feel like there are people who fall in the middle like I do.																																				I really needed this. I'm so proud of you. You are such a beautiful human being Gabbie. Thank you for being so brave and showing others your truth and being such a positive influence to so many different types of people. I love you.																																				i love this. _																																				Your not fat your skinny																																				________________________________________																																				I didnt realize i needed this until i saw it. Thank you Gabbie!!!																																				I love how open and honest you are!! When I was about 19 I struggled so hard with this I would cry at mealtimes and when I tried to swallow food I would literally gag it always felt dry and like it got stuck in my throat I remember sitting at the table alone starring at my plate with tears in my eyes wondering how I was going to do it. I don't exactly know the steps I took cause I went through a long time of being unhealthy and unhappy but now I'm 33 I have 2 kids I'm married now for 9 years and I am at a healthy weight for my height but this struggle is so hard and so long I want you to have faith that life is constantly changing and ever evolving and your struggles change I spent several years struggling with food and now I struggle with kids and life and bills it's part of life for life to change your obviously doing so much better keep up the good work and stay open it really does help to share your experiences with others. Your right that comparison kills true happiness																																				Gabby your not fat or chubby your perfect just the way you are																																				:)																																				I had a dream that gabbie won at the teen choice awards																																				You are legit my idol I love how you are not afraid to come out like this and talk about the eating disorder that could be very embarrassing for you but know that nobody's perfect and things happen that you have to overcome this is one of my favorite videos on your channel																																				"""Your before photo, might be someone's goal photo."""																																				I want ur body :/																																				I worry that I might have an eating disorder but I just can't believe it. I'm always hungry and can't eat even though I'm hungry. My stomach hurts and makes weird noises all the time but I'm so used to it I don't acknowledge it really. Sometimes late at night I think about what I have been eating and most times its only breakfast or something I had at 2 pm. This should worry me. But sometimes the thought of food is just not appetizing for me so weird even though I'm hungry.																																				gabbie I promise u aren't fat i feel like I am bc i am 13 and I weigh 174 lbs and my weigh for my age should be 120 or 110 I have always been chubby and I have always been called thunder thighs. I can't stop eating so much food but I've been walkig with my mom do I have an eating disorder __																																				Thank you for this Gabbie! You are so strong and beautiful and truly amazing. I think putting this video out there and telling your story does even more than you know. _																																				"""Its not about loosing weight its about gaining confidence"" - gabbie I love you so much . Thanks for being my inspiration"																																				I'm going to cry. I suffer with depression and anxiety and I think of myself as fat. My parents and siblings try to tell me im not	 but Gabbie's story it just... She gave me inspiration to just... don't compare myself to others and all that. This is why I love you	 Gabby. Not like THAT but still. <3																																		________________________________________________________________________________________________________________Love ya long time ______________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________																																				I don't know how to put it in words but all I can say is thank you Gabbie__ we love you																																				hi my name is gabriella similar right? honestly i had and still have an eating disorder very similar in the fact i couldn't swallow food but its a lot better now it still restricts me from some foods but i never thought i was fat i new i was skinny infact i always wanted to be bigger but my brain wouldn't let me eat food	 and I've been to hospital for severe stomach pains because of it and it started when i was around 5 and it got easier to eat by the time i was 15 and and a half I'm 18 now and i love food all foods by the way i only used to eat chocolate every day but during some days at some places i could eat like for example i could eat fine at school but not at home	 it contributed to my depression but now my boyfriend and family support me a lot and i still have bad days but i have more good days now and i love you gabbie you're so brave and inspirational and us your fans will be here to listen. keep living the good life everyone _																																		Thank you for telling the world about this	 I have anorexia	 but I haven't skipped a meal in over a year and a half. It really sucks and I don't think I'll ever get rid of the want to be the supper skinny	 but it's one day at a time and your message was very uplifting. thank you.																																	U make me smile __																																				the song that played makes me cry because im so incredibly insecure that even when songs come on about loving yourself i start crying because i know that i cant																																				As a recovered girl myself	 this video was amazing. Word of caution though: using numbers (i.e. number of calories) can be triggering to hear for those who are still suffering from an ED.																																			"I'm a vegan but I would never say to anyone ""go vegan it will solve your ed__"". Veganism will not solve a mental disorder telling people ""you can binge all you want when vegan"" is so damaging to all eating disorders and won't solve the route cause of your ed. I'm in recovery but i went vegan whilst in my eating disorder did it help? Fuck no, actually it made me worse because of all the cult vegans telling me natural fat was bad. So shut the fuck up, get some compassion and leave your diets out of strangers lives on the Internet."																																				I don't comment on videos but I felt the need to on this one. I just want to say thank you. Thank you for sending out this message! This is something it literally took me over 20 years to figure out and honestly I wish someone had told me this at 14. From one Gabby to another thank you__																																				You are beautiful don't listen to them																																				This video is very inspirational to me...even though I've never had an eating disorder	 I have struggled with self confidence for a long time...and to be honest I still do...I remember crying in the car after a shopping trip because this dress I liked was to small and I though I looked fat in it and I was listen to F*ing perfect by P!ink and just crying while really hearing to music. I always felt like my problem was my weight but it really is my self confidence...or rather	 lack of it. Thank you gabby showing me I'm not alone__																																		omg gabbie i love you so much and I'm so proud of you and me and the rest of your youtube family are here when u need us xxx																																				Love u gab. You're the best. _________																																				I love your less click bate-y videos honestly!!!!																																				I KNEW Try would be the end song. It was either that or F*cking Perfect by P!no.																																				Gabbie you are truly making change in this world. I'm sure you've helped a lot of people with this	 and many other videos. Thank you for all you have done	 all the time you put in	 and all of the funny stories.																																	Poor Gabbie	 you can see she's tearing up a little bit. This must be a struggle to talk about	 I support her message.																																		I just want to hold you and hug you gabby																																				WHO IN THE NAME OF F-CK COULD DISLIKE THIS																																				"I have been used to people calling me fat my whole life and I look at myself now and I realize I'm not fat. After a few days I was comfortable in my own body my dad said ""You need to loose weight"" and that hurt me so badly I avoided my whole family for at least a month and I haven't been eating much lately and I try to hang out with my friends so I don't have be around them. I went out with my friends and I came home and I see my dad sitting on the couch and he said ""Why don't you spend time with your family you're so self absorbed"" I don't want to spend time with my family because they yell at me for no apparent reason, they point out my flaws, and they talk about my weight. I say that I dislike my dad and people tell me ""But he's your dad you have to love him"" bitch why the fuck would I love my dad if he points out my flaws so often that he is the reason why I don't want to be on this Earth anymore. I even told him about my depression and he said ""well that's your fault for thinking about those things"" why would I do this to myself on purpose?! I would never wish this upon myself or anyone, depression is horrible! I don't want to be reminded by my dad or myself every second that I'm fat. I doubt that Gabbie will see this but this video helped me a lot <3"																																				____________________________________ you're a beautiful person inside and out!																																				Same																																				just as you said it's all about gaining confidence I've been watching your videos for months , maybe a year , and i think you are getting more and more beautiful and you gotta be proud . let others like you as you are , while trying to be the best of you . and don't read those mean comments . they're just useless																																				I love you Gabbie. You are amazing funny and beautiful. Don't let anyone tell you otherwise.																																				Gabbie you have a smoking hot body lol them curves aswell	 guys don't want skinny stick women lol																																			thnx for sharing your experience really helpful for me __																																				You are beautiful not fat actually I am very proud that you have lost so much weight____________________________________________																																				But Gabbie you are so perfect...__																																				When your all alone.....feeling sad.....sit down and think about how beautiful life can be if you hide away the dark and let in the light........Don't worry about your image or what people think of it........Live your life with no regrets......Like they say life is like a box of chocolates...you don't know what's inside.....that's why it is so precious......Know that years will go by and you'll get older and you'll be wishing you were happier....that you held your head up high with confidence instead of wasting life on worrying about what people think or what you look like........love yourself...........because your beautiful.......																																				AHHH she stole the if your reading this thing FROM DAVID LOL																																				I would like more depth in about your journey pleasseee																																				girl I feel so bad that you feel that way about yourself! you are not fat!! you're just have large boobs and a big butt! I'd die for a body like yours! just remember you're beautiful please!!!																																				This was amazing__																																				Gabbie, I have an eating disorder. I've watched many videos that were about other people's eating disorders, and none of them really helped me. I sympathized with the people, but their words didn't have a big impact on me. When I saw your video I clicked on it, I don't know why. Something inside of me knew that you ÐÐ a person that I cared for, a person that I looked up to ÐÐ could help me. And I was right. You did help me. And I'm going to be honest, you didn't make everything better, you didn't... But you did contribute a lot to... Just to me. And I really appreciate that, and I love you. I don't know about me, but I know a person like you will certainly only become stronger. Go underdogs __																																				"YASS Gabbie! I'm so sick of people assuming I'm naturally thin. I've struggled with disorderly eating (I'm going to call it that bc I've nvr been diagnosed) since i was 12 bc up until then I was known at school for being super small. Then bam puberty hit and I no longer had that and for the past 12 years I've struggled with body image. I'm a server and it is incredibly annoying when I suggest a dish and someone says ""I can't eat that; I don't have your metabolism."" Bish I don't even have the metabolism you think I have. I go to the gym every morning for 2 hours and work two jobs so I can have that gym membership and attempt a healthy diet bc I'm so obsessed with trying to be thin. Never assume anything about anyone. You don't know their internal struggles."																																				Gabbie I wish I had your body I'm one of the skinny girls and I want your body I get made fun of because I'm under weight and I have to eat! i have an eating disorder to but my problem is I have to eat but I can't gain weight I've been called names no one wanted to be my friend because I was under weight or I didn't have a big enough butt or my boobs were to small so yea																																				Gabbie	 I've been there. 3 days at a time with no food	 excessive exercise	 and eventually it wasn't enough. at 130lbs (im 5'9)	 i felt so fat and disgusting that i turned to bulimia. i always knew i had an eating disorder	 and i tried to keep it under control. eventually i just let go of it all and stopped exercising	 stopped skipping days of eating and stopped throwing up when i did eat. the weight just started coming and coming and in two weeks	 i gained 50 lbs! needless to say	 this nearly drove me to the edge	 but it was like someone flipped a switch on me and i couldn't do all the things i did before to stay stick thin. I continue to battle it	 so i can't say I'm doing great today but I'm getting closer. it never goes away though	 it's always there. just keep the beast at bay. you are beautiful and smart	 and i know you can do it!																								wow that hit me so bad.. the feels though...																																				now that i look at it	 i guess im actually not that fat. ive never put into that perspective berfore. thanks gabbie!																																			Before finding gabbie on youtube	 i always had body image issues	 i felt that my butt was too big	 my legs didn't look skinny like the other girls in my class. But when i saw on of gabbie's videos and saw she had the same body type as me and saw that she confident in her videos	 i realized i that i shouldn't be ashamed of my body and just embreas it. So thanks gabbie for helping me________ LOVE you																																Your so pretty																																				"i'm not even joking i read the tittle as ""a story about my dating disorder"""																																				I love you sooooooo much Gabbie! ______																																				Plzzz make something more in depth																																				I'm 14 and I weigh 154 pounds. I never really saw myself as fat but I definitely don't like my body. Over the past few months	 since about February i've been eating a lot healthier. The first time I weighed myself I was 192 pounds	 I was heavier than my mother and my father put together. People are starting to worry about me and they think i'm starving myself but i'm not	 I'm trying to make myself healthier	 that's all. People are calling me names STILL saying i'm fat but i'm trying so hard. I've gained confidence over the last few months and the name calling is starting to drag me down. Either i'm too fat or i'm too skinny	 either i'm starving myself or eating too much. What do I do?																															you and fat? haaaah.....																																				youre beautiful gabbie																																				Thank you																																				Helped me realize something important																																				My friends always say they are so fat or they need to lose weight or even my state athlete friend tells me she's fat and it makes me feel horrible about myself because im at least double her and this video has helped me with they way I treat my body Gabbie	 Thank you so much																																			Do not confirm to satans world	 if u don't stop	 God will be angry. It's not about you	 proclaim the gospel	 don't deceive all the girls watching..																																Omg Gabbie you are such and inspiration! <3																																				Thank you so much for posting this video. I've been struggling for years with my eating disorder and I'm naturally skinny but I've never felt beautiful in my own skin. I've looked at you and wanted your curves I'm also naturally curvy but I struggle with wanting both and hating my body. Thank you so much for talking about this and know you're not alone																																				Don't say that gabbie don't call yourself fat so a lot of comments say that your fat you know what those guys are gerks																																				I never have an appetite and the worse thing is I'm not even forcing myself from food. I'm at an anorexic weight and when ever I see a thick girl I wish I could look like her. I look terrible. But I lose my appetite in the middle of eating and if I keep forcing myself to eat	ÊI can no longer sallow food without feeling like I'm going to throw up. I hate my body	 I wish I had an appetite.																																		"wow Gabs, thanks for being so open. I too have suffered from multiple ED's (one year of official recovery is today!) and I just wanted to thank you for being so vulnerable. I want to recommend a book called ""Life Without Ed"". ED's thrive on silence and denial and I think it's a great read for anyone who personally has or had an ED or for family members or friends who know someone who has been effected by an ED. Just know you are not alone and that recovery is possible."																																				___																																				I starved myself for about 1-2 months until my parents found out	 when I did eat it was little portions of a small salad. I weigh 98 pounds and still think I am fat. I want to lose more weight. my parents are going to take me to the doctor but yesterday I had a total breakdown over my weight. and not to mention I tried making myself throw up but nothing came out cause I had nothing to throw up. is it a mental issue or an eating disorder? or am I just to paranoid? cause all my life I've been called gay and now I'm being called bones. which makes me happy. do I have a problem?																																			U make me so happy and u r soooooooo beautiful and sexy and i love what u said about comparison i spent my whole teenage years comparing my body to others and thinking about what i eat and avoiding drinking water so i can dwell on the feeling of my empty stomach that made me feel like iam loosing weight but after loosing 10 kg and reaching my goal weight which is 45 kg I realized that i still hate my body and i still can't find my self attractive I realized that all of the self hate is still inside me and it is not about how much weight i loose Now i am better I gained the weight i had lost back i love my self more than ever I stopped comparing my self to others and honestly YOU make me happy when iam feeling down soo YOU GO GIRL ________																																				Gabbie you are so beautiful. ________																																				its says the category is comedy	 this is not comedy!																																			"i would like it very much if you could respond to be about this. but thank you so much for making this video. i'm only 13 going on 14 and i've always compared myself to my friends on the cheer team and think like wow i wanna have their body goals cause i've never felt comfortable in my body now. but you making this video made me realize that i don't need to want ""their body"" just mine and work hard. so thank you so very much Gabbie. i love you__"																																				What is the song at the end? Thanks :)																																				you hav us all with you and we care for you . your amazing and don't let anyone get you down .																																				Hi gabby! I doubt that you'll see this but I hope that you do. I have been struggling with anorexia for almost a year now and I still cannot eat on my own (without my parents and doctors watching me and making me eat). Thank you for making this video and showing me how other people are struggling with similar problems. I am not alone. You are an inspiration ____																																				Great video. Just great.																																				Please tell an in-depth version. We love you gab __																																				This video hit me really hard	 thank you for uploading this video because it helped me. It made me realize that starving myself is not the answer and i wont get anywhere. Thank you.																																			Ligit when said that I could be somebody's goal idk it did something it hit a nerve but not in a bad way																																				EATING DISORDER!? What what what what																																				Your gonna make me cry. I have a hard time eating to and this kinda hits me.. I'm sorry you had to go though this..																																				F - fabulous a - amazing t - talented if someone calls u fat that's what u should think of. xx																																				it's not about losing weight, it's about gaining confidence. wow Gabbie!! amazing																																				"""It's not about losing weight, it's about gaining confidence"" that is perfect."																																				awesome video <3 and you are not fat! you are beautiful just the way you are! love you gabbie																																				shit bag (successful 	 honest	 independent	 talented	 beautiful	 amazing	 great sense of humour. This is what shit bag stands for) I'm hear to support u no matter what __ u Gabbie xx																														Gabbie	 you are an absolute inspiration. I love you. We all do.																																			This was beautiful Gabbie __																																				Gabbie you are so beautiful and you have such a nice personality. Stop caring about the negative comments other people say. CAUSE YOUR ARE BEAUTIFUL JUST THE WAY YOU ARE!																																				WHEN THE MUSIC STARTS PLAYING AT THE END ______ thank you GABBIE for making this world a better place	 in everything you do.																																			________________________________________________________ she is a real role model																																				I was born with the inability to swallow and hold food down so i have a piece of m stomach missing so food has always been an issue. I never had an eating disorder but I'm very under weight so thank you to know that someone else can know what it's like to struggle with food. So here's a virtual hug																																				clapping emoji																																				Thank you for sharing this	 Gabby. You're beautiful. It really speaks to me.																																			this was surprisingly comforting. thank you Gabs __																																				i struggle so much with worrying about my weight and hoping my boyfriend with accept me skinnier (137pds) i try so hard but i end up bingeing and i struggle with trying not to self harm everyday because hs is a pain but. watching this video made me cry to the max. you made my persepective on life change and that there is something to live for. your the best Gabbie..																																				"__Brag about Gabby moment__ I went to beatycon a couple of weeks ago, and all of a sudden I hear your voice on the panel. I go RUNNING to see you. I got to hear your answer to the ""What you would tell your younger self"" question, and I was in awe. Thank you for being an inspiration to me and so many more! Also, I remember when you walked off the stage, dat booty tho. Congratulations on life____ (Ps. I looked it up, and it's discontent.) #StayDiscontent"																																				Tank you sooooo much for making this video. I've had an eating disorder that almost killed me and ruined my life. Although you made me realize one important thing: I don't want to lose weight anymore	 but I NEED to gain confidence and find happiness in my own body. Even though I don't have an ED anymore	 I still suffer from depression and hate my body	 but your words help me and give me courage that one day it'll be better. Thank you so much	 you are helping so much more people than you think. :* You're beautiful																																Thank you Gabby. This was beautiful, and I needed this. Bless you ____________________																																				Oh and by the way you are NOT fat. Fuck those people who said you were fat. I hope you are happy	 because you are amazing and you need to realise that. I look up to you everyday. You have an amazing personality and so funny and you have people who support you. You have us. We love you. I love you.																																			hi! I'd actually really appreciate a more detailed version because I	 along with many people who are close to me	 have struggled with eating disorders and other mental health issues and hearing someone who we respect talk about their own experience is so reassuring and really inspiring and it gives us a lot of hope.																																		I'm 13	 I have always been self conscious about my weight and the way i look. I'm always being told I'm skinny and i need to eat more and all i see is that I'm fat. i think people will comment that i am too young to be worrying about this but i do. i am one of the bigger girls out of my friends and i know you just said don't compare myself to other people but everyone around me has expectations. i try day in day out to meet those expectations. as much as i try not to feel as if i need to meet those expectations i know i still do. or i feel like that. some days i barley eat and just the thought of eating fills my stomach with knives. i make sure to eat everyday and still get everything i need. I'm healthy and i suppose thats all that matters. i know you probably won't see this Gabby but i feel as if I need to thank you Gabby for making this video. xxxxxx																																			gabbie your beautiful now and before be you right now im going threw a eating disorder and this maes me more wanting to loose weight																																				Once... i saw a full bag of Lays potato chips.. Which is rare since its mostly 99% air. Besides the point. Irrelevent. Anyways, I ate the full bag. I am digusted by myself.																																				I honestly would like to see a more in depth video. It's intriguing how you battled through this. We are here for you. _____																																				Wow thanks so much for putting yourself out there. This really spoke to me and I'm I'm sure a lot of other people. I'd love to hear more in depth about your struggle if you'd like to share it. :) Love you!																																				I really love you for this																																				the music at the end was perfect for this video																																				I love youu																																				gabbie you are not fat you are skinny. your friends may call you fat to tease you but that's only because you are so paranoid about your body.stop being paranaoid about your weight because some people would love to have your body. p.s. love ya.																																				"I've never thought of you being ""fat"" or overweight. When you post videos of your gym sessions, I just thought you were toning up a little bit. You look perfect & healthy Gabbie! I know the message you're passing on will catch on, ""...Not about losing weight, but about gaining confidence...""-TheGabbieShow. I love that!"																																				thank you for making this vid. i would like to hear more about what you have been through. I know this has helped someone. You are beautiful gabbie																																				Thank you for this video	 Gabbie! I have always had a negative view of myself and I used food as a comfort tool. In my 20's	 my weight began a rapid incline and I quickly found myself at a whopping 450 lbs. It has taken 3 years but I've lost 200 lbs. No	 I'm not thin	 but I am so much more confident and love myself so much more than I ever did before!!																																It's so hard to hold onto that choice of healthy vs. skinny. I've got six kids and my body does not look much like it used to. But I'm healthy. I make fairly good choices most days. Some days terrible choices. Some days I'm on point. I stay active, not just running after six kids but taking walks and doing PiYo in my living room, etc. I'm working to be healthy. To have energy and be confident I'm treating my body well. I want my kids to see that. I don't talk bad about my body and if I need to vent about it, I don't do it where they can hear me. I try not to spend time pinching love handles in the mirror when I'm getting ready because I don't want my kids to get the idea that a less then perfect body is a problem. It isn't a problem. I am a work in progress, that's all. :) I'm so glad you're getting support and a good plan with attainable goals. I'm glad you're in a place where you can be brave and vulnerable enough to cheer on others who are hurting. I wish you all the best.																																				Gabbie	 You're perfect the way you are! :) I love you	 stay healthy an strong.																																		Who else before watching the video liked it because her videos are amazing																																				Gabbie you haven't just helped 1 person you've helped every person your so real and honest it's amazing keep doing whT your doing cuz we love you all this has helped me 2 since I always look down on myself as other people do I'm shaw but Gabbie you are such a Beautiful person inside and out don't ever let the hatters make you think other wise																																				I only have a eating disorder and i self harm my eating disorder i havent ate in 2 days i started to not eat when i was in 5th grade cuz i was the only big one in school so i just stopped eating and one day i got a pocket knife and cut my arm and one day my mom noticed and she said she was ganna take me to rehab and if i dont like it i can leave and to this day im glad i went to rehab i am now in 7th grade and really dont care how much I weigh i only care about my health now . I hope people with disorders and other stuff can one day recover																																				"This really hit me hard because ever since I got into middle school I've been told how skinny I am and my friends even called me anorexic and that I don't eat because I usually don't eat much at school because school lunch shit so after that I've tried to eat more like A LOT more to where it hurts but I've realized that this is gonna get me no where and I have to love who I am because my friends are jealous of my body and I've told them Id rather be thicker than to skinny but now I've realized that I should be happy with how I am because I'm ""blessed"" to have this body and even though I try to eat more it doesn't do anything because I have a very high metabolism. Also realized that I just have to push through all of the negative comments on my body and go through my school years and focus more on my work then my body and more studying for school then studying how to gain weight or get a butt because that is more important than how I look and I'm working out to build the strength I lost"																																				Thank you for making this video. I look up to you so highly. I appreciate this so much.																																				You're so brave to talk about this	 it's awful that people have to go though this.I wish we could feel good about ourselves no matter what. Personally I'd be interested to see a more in depth video of you fighting	 but only if that is comfortable for you																																		__																																				__																																				Yes Gaby	 I would love to watch a video about your full journey. this was so beautiful	 I really needed this.																																		i hate the fact that Gabbie thinks shes fat. like i don't even know whats fat about her? i know that if she does read this she going to be like shame shes so kind	 but to be honest	 i do judge people (but i kept it to my self.) And when i first saw your videos i never thought of you as fat? like your not a skinny-mini but you have curves that are so beautiful. And when you did a video about mean comments	 and people would saying nose or fattie	 i never understood. like even when you did this video im still baffled you are not fat. YOU ARE NOT FAT. and you are so beautiful	 remember that :)																															Love you GABBIE xx																																				What eating disorder was it?																																				Live A Healthy Life And Stay Safe Everybody (:																																				".... makes me think of the quote, ""We're all in the same game; just different levels. Dealing with the same hell, just different devils."""																																				I want more depth into the story please I'm kinda going through this and I wanna hear more																																				thanks gab. im going through an eating disorder right now and i recently noticed that i havent been eating. this vid helped me alot and i just want to say thank you. <3																																				you are so pretty. You are really skinny. And are really funny i love you so much																																				you are beautiful gabbie__																																				what did Gabbie mean when she said the disorder affected the people around her?																																				I think the moment that I acknowledged that I had an eating disorder was the moment that I couldn't stand in front of a mirror without crying. At the time	 it felt like the hunger pains were a better alternative to the self hatred I had for myself. Stay strong Gabbie__																																			You are such an inspiration for doing this video you are my new goal in life now____																																				Thank you so much for this. I've been struggling through body image issues since I was in 3rd grade. I still hate my body in someways	 but I like to think I'm better now. Thank you so	 so	 so	 much. I keep thinking that I'm alone.																																Please make a more in depth video!! I am struggling with anorexia depression and anxiety	 it's not too bad right now	but I look up to you so much and seeing this video makes me want to try harder to beat my demons. Thank you for being real and helping me with life! I know that you probably won't even see this	 but I really do want to thank you	 your videos help me get through a lot!:)																																Its ok Gabbie your vlogs are funny enough	 Like when you got rejected by that guy at the gym.																																			This is a beautiful video and I love seeing things like this																																				Uneven																																				when I was little I was getting called pretty and beautiful but the. when I was in 2nd grade I was In depression because my dad had left me and my sister was getting sick so I started eating alot and gained weight and started called fat and ugly in instead of pretty it kept going and I kept gaining the weight then when I was 14 my family started to get on my case Telling I was getting to fat and I needed to stop gaining the weight then that summer I was wearing a side cut shirt and my sister told me that i was too fat to wear a shirt like that and I need to cover up my fat that was when I had had enough and turned away from food and know im 15 losing weight like crazy but for the past two weeks I have been trying to eat healthy and doing things right and I go to the gym now because I have a little niece that looks up to me and I want her to be proud of me and I want to teach her that there are better ways of doing things and that what other people think doesn't matter and to do things for your self not for others so thank you gabbie for posting this video it really helped :)																																				Thanks Gabbie __																																				You are truly amazing gabby wow																																				I'm honestly going through the same thing and I know what you mean. when I binge it's like some else is taking over my body lol and I can't stop it. It's especially worse when I'm stressed with other things like school etc. Lately I decided to accept myself the way I am and not to obsesse over my weight because it just makes my stress even worse. Now when I think about it, weight changes, you can lose it you can gain it anytime & if ppl wanna judge me because of that then they can be my guests, it no longer affects me & that way I can know who are the ppl I don't want to surround myself with.																																				you are beautiful!!!!																																				I get called fat so many times at school... It makes me feel so uncomfortable in my own skin...and I'm 12 years old. Tysm Gabbie	 this video has helped a lot ____																																			Recovering from anorexia was one of the hardest things I've even done, but I don't think I would be the person I am today if I hadn't have gone through it. It sucks, but our struggles often shape and form us into the individuals we were meant to be. I learned to love myself in a mind set where I thought no one could. So much love and happiness and positivity being sent your way xx																																				Fuck them Gabbie.You are hot af!!!! I LOVE YOUUU <3 <3 <3																																				your amazing. you have helped me with how i thought of my body i love u so much. i have gone through that _																																				Why would u dislike this video																																				Such an important video and you explained it all perfectly																																				this literally sums up my struggles too. like everything you said. I love you	 you're not alone gabs.																																			Gabbi I am so glad you got through that you are beautiful and it is amazing that you can talk about this teach us a lesson and you are always so great I always watch your videos when I'm feeling down and you make me feel better about me	 it might not always make me laugh but they always show me something																																			thank you gabby!! i really needed this xo																																				Omg I wish I could like this video 102938374859392901 times. This is so freaking amazing. I wish I could be as confident as Gabbie I just love her so much ____________ if you actually see this Gabbie	 keep going I'm so proud of you__ your doing so good. I understand I've had eating disorders all my life and I'm only 14. So so proud keep it up beautiful ____																																			This is truly an inspirational video. I love it!																																				You are such a healthy idol for others	 Gabbie!! The most important thing is to be healthy	 and to be comfortable in your own skin	 I couldn't agree more on that. Love this <3																																	love this	 love you! <3																																			Y does it look like she has grease all over her face																																				Oh God	 I'm crying right now	 Gabbie you're such an inspiration to me. I love you so much.																																		Gabbie	 I've never struggled with eating disorders or anxiety myself	 but I have friends who have and still do. I know how hard it has been for them to own it	 let alone open up about it. For you to go on YT and share about it	 it takes a lot of courage to do that. I really respect you being so open and honest	 and I truly hope that you're able to reach those struggling and help them through your message. Keep on pushing forward through life	 and stay strong. God bless																														Gabbie your not fat and people can say what they what they want to say your a beautiful young lady don't let any one els tell you deferent I love have a good bay and stay awesome																																				when I was 10 years old I got so sick and I couldn't eat for two weeks (sick with a fever) and after I was done beening sick I couldn't eat and everytime I ate I throw it up and I told my mom. she took me to the doctor and said I developed an eating disorder and I had to do PE and past out and had an asmattack a take at the same time and almost died																																				Thank you so much for this video. If you don't mind and if it's not too personal I'd love to hear more about your eating disorder	 I think it'd help not only me but a lot of others____																																			Because I am Australian I thought she meant actual goldfish.... not the cracker ones because we don't get them in Australia XD																																				God bless you gabbie you're amazing the way you are__																																				Hey Gabbie	 if you ever feel comfortable enough to upload a more in depth video on your disorder	 I would highly encourage it. I think seeing the stages you went through might help people recognize when they or their loved ones has developed or is developing an eating disorder.																																		OMG GABBY- I WENT THRU SAME THING W SWALLOWING AND IVE NEVER TOLD ANYONE BECAUSE I THOUGHT I WAS CRAZY.																																				Seriously Gab	 you are goals.																																			"This video made me cry, more than I want to admit. My own father brainwashed me into thinking I'm fat, he shamed me throughout my childhood. Now, in my adulthood, I can barely get enough courage to walk through a grocery store because all I keep thinking is, everyone is looking at me and judging me for how ""fat"" and ""gross"" I am. If everyone understood the lasting effects words have, I think we would all be kinder to one another."																																				Finally	 someone talks about what I'm going through in a way that speaks so much to me. I'm struggling super hard	 and I have been for like four years	 and I just wanted to say thank you +The Gabbie Show	 because she is telling people that they can get out of this. I am so damaged by this	 and I have literally gone through everything that she has	 and knowing someone is going through the same thing as me helps a lot. You are so beautiful	 not only Gabbie	 everyone here on Youtube. I don't believe it much myself	 but I'm working on it. Also	 I know no one will give a crap about my personal struggles	 but I needed to vent somewhere.																									One of my fave vids________. Keep going strong Gabbie!!!																																				I really needed this! I«d really like a video with more in depth details... <3																																				______ so inspirational																																				I love you Gabbie and am so proud of you for how far you've come emotionally. I know that this video is going to help so many people	 thank you so much for making it. Gabbie you are a beautiful human being and that means so much more than having a beautiful body (even though you do have a rockin bod!)																																			Gabbie	 it's your body	 love it	 we love you and hope the best for you	 stay strong__																																Gabbie	 it's your body	 love it	 we love you and hope the best for you	 stay strong__																																"Instead of ""haha""s she's doing ""aha""s____"																																				Gabbie.. you truly don't understand how close this hits to home. I feel like a lot of people have dealt with something like this or are currently. This brought tears to my eyes. Thank you for this. I know it couldn't have been easy for you to put out content like this	 but I know for a fact this will be a video I revisit many times when I forget about the important things in life and I'm down and out. I know you're more than body goals for so many people. You're a beautiful person in so many ways __.																																			You're so beautiful Gabbie	 love you and be happy ____																																			Lol I'm eating a jar of Nutella while watching this																																				I'm so happy you've made this video Gabbie	 I can relate to it and it gives me hope and that's something I don't have a lot of. Thank you so so so so much Gabbie	 I love you																																		Wow! Those words was very good! You are amazing!																																				Great video	 the more we talk about these issues the more we realise we aren't alone. Please do a more in depth video!																																			"I'm so glad you made this video. I've been trying to lose weight for years thinking I was so ""fat"" and recently was told by many people that I'm skinny. This video made me realize that as long as your confident in your skin you need to stop comparing. I will remind myself everyday, thank you."																																				________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________ USE THE #PURPLEHEARTS NOW SPREAD IT ALL OVER HER SOCAIL MEDIA'S FACEBOOK TWITTER INSTAGRAM ECT... SNAPCHAT																																				Dat background reminds me of Miranda Sings																																				Wow gabby I needed this thank you!																																				I've always thought you were beautiful and skinny since I started watching a year ago!																																				I am not quite sure what it's like to have this but to all those people that are recovering or going through this just stay strong and push through and even tho i havent met you i feel like you are a very special person and that you will do great things with your life.__																																				Gabbie as i doubt you will ever see this i just wanted to let you know the this video changed my thought i always thought of myself as overweight and i hated and hair and the fact that i got (still get) pimples but its apart of life i'm going through that faze in life where you don't think your good enough that you have to have a boyfriend to be cool you have to be a completely different person to be cool but to somebody i might be the coolest person in the world to them i might be a role model so you've helped me think about how i can be a healthy role model and how to be comfortable with myself. thank you keep up the good work luv ur videos <3 :)																																				After watching this	 I realize I have an eating disorder																																			Thank you.																																				Oh Gabby	 you are my role model for where I want to be in life	 and you have yet again proved my choice right. You are so strong and brave for putting this video up	 thank you for doing that. Your determination and perseverance inspires me so much	 I can't even begin to put it in words. I love you so much and I hope you get all that you deserve in life. XOXO																																I really needed this video	 thank you Gabbie																																			My reaction to the title was just me repeatedly saying your name with aws in between brb																																				I LOVE YOU GABBIE!! You're amazing by the way and you're SOO perfect. Don't you EVER think you're any less. We're all here because we love you. Because you're someone we look up to.																																				u know what I am feeling so much better about my self watching someone who is the same of me who is out going and so accomplished and don't care what ppl say __																																				I literally cried at the end of this. This	 and you	 are so beautiful and I love everything about you. You are so perfect and you deserve all the happiness in the world. Please know that myself along with soooo many others would do anything and everything to make sure you're okay______________________																																		There's no show stopper __																																				anyone whos reading this,i dont exactly have anyone to be nice to today so have a nice day! or goodnight!, i have also realised that i have been taking compliments from other people and that i should give some back so whoever is reading this YOU ARE BEAUTIFUL in every single way, dont worry about what other people tell you, everywhere you go, there are people that love you and care for you, even though it might not seem like it __ __ __ __ __ __ soz about my english, its late at night and i got a c in english class																																				I know where your coming from because I've been there. You are probably skinnier than me but we are around the same size and i'd kill for your body now and before. This is an inspiration and so are you so thank you.																																				Stay strong Gabbie we love u!________																																				This hit me like a brick. I'm not a skinny girl, a little on the bigger size and I've been struggling with a lot lately so this helped me very much. You've inspired me so much. Thank you __																																				You aren't even fat lol																																				"The ""Skinny-Minnie"" thing was just what I've been through. My friend was like ""you guys are so skinny,"" and my friend (who I find to be skinny) and I were like, ""no no no I'm NOT skinny I'm literally a potato!"" After that and after watching this video, I realized that the girl I find to be so pretty, skinny and just goals may never see herself as others see her, and it's an endless, vicious cycle of insecurities which don't even matter. I have felt overweight and not skinny enough for my entire life but this video really opened my eyes. Thank you so much Gabbie."																																				because off this video i look at myself in a other way (in a good way )___																																				This video hit me so hard																																				gabbie..good job putting this video out. thank your for sharing your story ..thank you! i love you the way you are <3																																				"Gabbie this video hit me right in the heart. I'm not even saying this just because, but I've never seen you as ""fat"". You've always been my goal. You've got the perfect body ever! It's not too small and it's not big. All body sizes are different and very few people are happy with their own. Everyone wants to be have someone else's body, but it only comes down to the voices in your head telling you that you aren't what someone else looks like. Everyone is beautiful in their own way, it just takes some people a bit longer to realise that. Personally for me I stil have to work on my way I see myself, but I wish that everyone saw themselves as beautiful. I'm really sorry that you've been through so much & have struggled silently for a while. I just want you to know that you're perfect. People say there's no such thing as perfect, but you are for sure! I love you heaps gab and wish you could see yourself how many other people see your beauty. Stay strong, happy, healthy and fit. Much love x"																																				I don't know people would call you fat. I've never thought you're 'overweight' and heaps of my friends always say you're hot when they've seen your vines																																				You look amazing	 girl!! Keep at it!!																																			Gabby you are absolutely perfect! dont you let anyone tell you otherwise! I love you so much! You are so confident and funny and pretty and amazing! you are one of my favourite people on the earth! thank you so much for posting this vid it made me cry ciz it is like my life! I'm gonna post you a letter if i can and i hope you will c it and hopefully this comment!																																				"I use to criticize how much I weigh. I use to cry everyday telling my mom I am ""fat"". My older sister told me to watch gabbies new video. So I went and watched it. Now 80% of me hates my body and how much I weigh. After watching this video 80% of me love myself. So thank you so much Gabbie you change a million of people lives. So don't change who you are."																																				____ love you Gabbie.! Thank you so much!																																				______________________________________																																				You're so nervous I'm crying																																				i have a eating disorder And i can never lose weight GABBIE UR SKINNY Geez im fat im sad and have depression																																				Total skinny mini ______																																				I LOVE YOU ____________																																				i love you gabbie... this hit home for me __																																				oh my god. I love you gabbie	 I really believe you should give pep talks in schools and so. besides you could make money	 you could really help people inside and outside the screen. you are really a role model.																																		You eat goldfish in America?!?!																																				ur not fat ur really skinny dont listen to the haters i mean haters gotta hate																																				I've been struggling off and on with anorexia and binge eating disorders for about 5 years now. Right now I'm doing fine but it's so hard always worrying about all the tomorrow's where I might not be																																				thanks for making this video	 I had so many stomach aches from not eating to. but after my recent stomach ache it kinda have me a reality check																																			Awwww	 everyone loves you Gabbie____________																																			You are amazing!																																				Preach ________ Someone finally said __																																				Well	 I always thought you are beautiful. Even with your sunburn__ Anyways	 you probably won't even read this...																																		Gabbie	you're gorgeous. your body is my goal ____																																			Love you Gab__																																				God Gabbie you are so amazing. I have never seen you as fat or anything. You honestly are one of the most beautiful YouTubers on here with so much talent and so much heart for your fans and your work. I have been worrying about my weight and look since I got into my teen years and it has been such a pain and me worrying about how I look or how I want to look but your words	 the way you say it	 you have given me so much confidence about how I look or what I do. Thank you so	 so much really for this video and for the things you said Gabbie. Your truly awesome and so damn amazing.																																	The song at the end ____																																				omg im crying ______________ i just cant believe that u went through all of this ! i guess these things make us the person we are today. thanks for making this video this has made me feel so much better that my favoroute youtuber EVER went through the same thing i have ! ilysm Gabbie keep up the good work life will always reward u for ur hard work xxxxx ________																																				"Gabbie, I SO sympathize with you. Even though I'm dealing with my weight issue in a healthy manner now, sometimes I still have a hard time looking at myself in the mirror and sometimes people just don't get it. I've cancelled plans just because I didn't want people to see how fat I saw myself and any of my friends that I'd confess this to would just treat me like I was making it up for attention or over reacting and all that did was made me shut down. I didn't realize how much of a toll that took on my under eating and over exercising until I started tracking it too and I knew that I couldn't continue that way. I still have my days where I revert back to that mind set, but I'm handling it much better now and it's great that you are ab;e to speak up about self-body issues and be open about it and how you realized that you needed to get better. Definitely a great video and a great voice or those of us who are ashamed or afraid to say something!"																																				Gabbie don't worry about wht ppl think or say... Your beautiful just the way u are																																				I can't even begin to put into words	 first of all	 how proud I am of you. It's no easy feat to divulge something like this to even the people closest to you	 let alone over a million people on the internet	 where the risk of being judged	 and criticized	 and verbally abused is such a daily occurrence. It takes an immeasurable amount of courage	 and strength to do that and I'm so amazed by you for that alone. And the simple fact that you were willing to do this	 has surely made a difference in the lives of more than just me. Personally	 I've struggled for a long time with the way I look	 and how much I weigh	 and being a little more towards overweight (which was just about as much of a social death sentence as anything in school	 where looks are everything). Watching this though	 is a reminder of what's supposed to matter- not how you look. Not the number on the tags of your clothes. And least of all what other people think of you	 or what they think you should look like. It's about how you feel about yourself	 and about your own personal health. And too often today that's put at the wayside by our need to meet the expectations of other people	 or society in general. I can't thank you enough for making this- I can't imagine how difficult it was	 and what's more	 I'm sorry you had to go through the experience of having an eating disorder to begin with. But just know: you're beautiful	 inside	 and out	 and there are always people who love you- including me :)															THE ONLY THING FAT ABOUT GABBIE IS HER BIG HEART ____																																				"""They had a big thing of gold fish and I ate it"" I THOUGHT SHE ATE A REAL LIVE FISH ____"																																				I've struggled with an eating disorder for my entire life and I still struggle and this video actually helped. I'd like to hear more but only if you're comfortable to tell your story																																				~_Be happy Gabbie	 You make my day	 So your able to make your own #girlpower __ go Gabbie I'm proud to be part of this Youtube family and I wish I can meet you someday_~																																		you're awesome beautiful person and ILY !!																																				Thx gabbie	 I'm trying really hard to lose weight and you made me feel better about it																																			Hi Gabbie if u see this thank you , I consider myself as fat . And other people call me fat too , Today when I finally watched this video because I couldn't bring myself to watch this knowing that u are beautiful and I'm not and I thought that u were always skinny . I'm so glad I watched this because it made me think about what I need to do I need to start eating healthy . Thank you so much If u do see this comment I doubt u will but I have still got hope Please tell me I'm doing the right thing and motivate me on __ I love u Gabbie thank you ____																																				i have an eating disorder and i always felt like i was the only one and always singled out but now i see all these comments i dont feel like I'm alone anymore																																				Love you gabbie __																																				Gabbie you're so brave and it's really amazing that you were able to turn your life around like that	 I think you're a true role model for all that see your videos.																																			this was so brave <3 shes so beautiful inside and out...happy shes in a better place :)																																				Gabbie! you're so amazing, you're perfect the way you are and let's admit this now, you are no near fat, ignore any comments that say you are! I thank you so much for this video, a few years ago I had issues with eating, I couldn't swallow food so had to spend a long while having soup because the consistency of any solid food made me feel sick even the sight of it, I couldn't deal with the sight of soup either so had to have that in a cup with a lip to drink through that so I couldn't see it! eating out places was tough and still is at times, if I'm around people that understand and know what happened then I don't get so bad but when i go to a meal with lots of people I don't really know then i struggle to eat a proper meal, I think that's more anxiety than trouble with eating but at least now I'm eating a lot better! thank you so much again, for your story! you're incredibly insipirng and the messages you give out are too. i really wish I was given this message when I started the food issue so hopefully it'll help someone else out now ____________																																				The music at the end __ __ love you gabby your so brave and beautiful x																																				Gabbie for your safety, please put sunscreen on next time. Love you																																				We love you gabbie xx :)																																				I like how she tries to be excited and how she lightens the mood. She doesn't try to be sad or boring																																				you are not fat don't listen to the people that call you fat you are gorgeous and don't let any one tell you other wise																																				Thanks Gabbie this has really helped me I was having the exact same problem but everyone was like your eating fine but I was just eating loads around them and then going and not eating anything else	 thanks you so much this has really helped me to make healthier choices for my body and not starve myself and then binge when I felt like passing out ____																																			You are amazing																																				fat or skinny your you and thats why i love you																																				Thank you for sharing this it really has inspired me and I look at the world from	 a different angle x																																			I really hope you know I'm proud																																				I love you so much Gabbie. I wish you luck in everything you do in life because you're one of the strongest people I've ever come across in my life and you're a true inspiration to me <3																																				this is such a dope ass video i cant even tell you i love you gab and im totally gonna take this advice and do something with it __																																				 jeff	"Hey Gabbie, I know this is like an 'old' video and you probably won't see this but, I'm 11 years old and bullied to hell. I don't want to talk to my parents because I feel uncomfortable talking to them in person but on the internet I'm comfortable. People at school call me the weird kid for something I don't know about. They cyber bully me and bully me. I've been told my whole life I need to exercise because well I'm over weight and that I'm ugly. I feel like I need help. I've tried to ask my sister what to do but she's done nothing. But if she were to tell tips she would say ""Just exercise"". Which doesn't help because I do exercise and I do eat healthy but I don't lose the fat that's on my tummy, thighs and face. I don't know what to do please help."																																			I would definitely like to see a video about your journey	 but only if it made you comfortable! Don't do it if it wouldn't make you comfortable! ____																																			YOU ARE A BEAUTIFUL PERSON INSIDE AND OUT GABS! THANK YOU __																																				this video hits hard, my love for you is endless Gabbie, I send all my happiness to you, you gorgeous soul x																																				Just saying	 I love reading these comments cuz on top of this beautiful video that was so well spoken	 these comments are like the icing on top. Everyone is so positive and i feel like with all this hate in the world with shootings and terrorism and whatnot	 this shows that there are people who can actually stay positive. so yeah :)																																	Your more serious videos make me very happy Gabbie. The more you let us get to know you	 the more I enjoy your content. You're such an intelligent	 beautiful girl and I appreciate you so much for using your platform to spread messages that are important to you __ so much love for you Gab																																		thank you <3																																				Honestly I don't think your fat at all don't think that																																				I am so sorry I spelt your name wrong !!!!!!____																																				I love you gabble no matter what __________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________																																				____________																																				thank you																																				I skipped dinner tonight	 but you made me rethink it	 so I ate a little. Thank you Gabby ..																																		My friend Kylee could use a smile today because she has been struggling from anorexia...																																				__ Gabbie you're my goals photo __																																				"kinda hope that David sees this and feels like a slight jerk for all his fat ""jokes"" on gabbie in his vlogs. you go girl __"																																				L																																				We love you Gabb ________																																				even though I know you won't see this comment I need to make it. I want to thank you from the bottom of my heart because I needed this video. I've had eating issues since I was younger and like you said you never truly notice it until someone points it out or says that yeah they knew because it was obvious. I have never been my ideal weight but I have gone through everything in this video you talk about . binge eating and then skipping meals for a few days	 screwing up my metabolism	 and feeling sick when in reality it's my body screaming for food because I need it. I would cry and try my hardest	 but the weight clings on. and I still feel like this from time to time. but your videos have helped me so much	 they have made me laugh when I've felt depressed	 I relate to them and your laughter is so infectious that no matter what mood I'm in	 hearing your videos makes me lighten up. So again	 I know you get hundreds of comments and you might never see this	 but I applaud you and thank you so much for making the real world suck a little less. I love you Gabbie !!!!																												i know how you feel... I have gone throught the same thing as you and im still having it but its getting better and im glad you got throught it																																				______																																				Same fam																																				She's so beautiful	 ah bae______. &&bae's almost at 2mill_																																			You're such an inspiration ________________________________																																				Gabby u are such a beautiful person and u are an inspiration to me so thank u for telling us your story and boosting a lot of people's self confidence including mine.																																				I love this so much	 Gabbie. This really was an eye opener and it helped me so much. You're such an amazing person and I can't believe you had to go through that for so long. I hope you're okay__																																			THIS IS THE MOST INSPIRATIONAL THINGS IVE HEARD ALL YEAR! You're legit an angel sent from heaven to set a good example on the younger generations! LOVE YOU SO MUCH FOR THAT GABBIE!																																				who disliked this??!! You're not human if you disliked this																																				or so rose red or rose pink																																				so pink on your face																																				Wow. I REALLY needed this video after struggling today. I'm 21 and such a boredom eater. I'll continue to snack/eat all day even when I know I'm not the slightest bit hungry, but then I'll have days where I eat nothing at all. It's a daily struggle of one extreme to another. And today, thanks to body image issues, I had a break down while trying to shop for clothes with no success. So thank you Gabbie, this video is just what I needed today. YOU have been my #goals for a while now and seeing your workout snapchats really helps motivate me. <3																																				Thank you :) <3																																				Thank you :) <3																																				GABBIE! I know you probably won't see this but you really are an amazing person and I just want to thank you for making this video. You are such a beautiful and funny person who is real and this is why so many people look up to you. So thankful I stumbled across your channel!!!! xx																																				This video is so relatable	 thank you for telling your story and your not alone. Your setting a good example here _																																			I really needed this. Thankyou gabbie __																																				this video was beautiful. gabbie	 you are beautiful.																																			This is the most relatable video ty																																				This is going viral. Thank you so much.																																				just won't to say as long as your ok with you that's all you need I loved your stroe and I just think your so good looking no matter what siz you are your a women that's smart hot and tell it like it is good luck and know your loved!!!																																				this video is amazing gabs_																																				Your not fat your gorgeous the way you are xx																																				Gabbie	 you are perfect.																																			____________love u gab t for sharing your story and making peoples life's better xx																																				Omg Gabbie I love you	 and I'm so proud of you	 for you to get out of this situation and especially that you can tell us about it. :)																																		Hands up if you love Gabbies body ___																																				Don't be nervous about it. You are cool! :)																																				I actually cried... you really touched me Gab	 thanks and I love you <3																																			gabbie	 this has encouraged me so much. i realised that the way im eating right now is not right. i realised that the way im living is not alright. im glad you were brave and shared this with us. im so glad youre doing better now. youre doing great	 keep it up! we love you! go team underdogs! __																																		wow how could 255 people dislike this it was something she went threw how did some people find something bad about this then dislike it there was nothing wrong with it or her __																																				I actually want the body of Gabbie has maybe because I've been bullied for not fitting into my clothes since I'm too skinny it's really sad that you can be too fat and too skinny and both are ugly basically you could be anything skinny	 fat. starving	 obese	 and still be ugly																																	Honestly	 I think Gabbie's body looks great and not fat at all. Gabbie just needs to be more comfortable and confident with her body	 because I'm 100% honest and speaking from my heart when I say this	 but you she is beautiful just the way she is	 I don't care what anyone else think. And if you are reading this	 so are you. And more importantly	 it's what's on the inside	 not the out side. You can make a Kind person Pretty	 but you can't make a Pretty person Kind! LOVE YOU SO MUCH GABBIE!!!__																												Gabbie.....You....Are.......SKINNY! Hearing this.............I cried......{I have ADHD So i take tablets. I have had them for 9 years But The tablets have been making me Well bigger and i didn't notice till I was 12 and i have been trying and trying to lose It. I'm 13 And almost a diabetic Because of tablets.I cry sometimes saying That i will never be pretty	Skinny or smart}																																			"Dear Gabbie, i know you wont see this comment but, i really want to thank you for making this video... i've always felt that i was never good enough for ""beauty standards"" i would always compliment others but not me... after seeing this video i really want to put a better effort on changing that.. thank you :3"																																				No one else is dealing with your deamons Meaning maybe defeating them could be the beginning of your meaning, friend																																				I've never got why gabbie thought she was fat..I've always thought she was normal..not a fucking stick but not fat at all..and I feel horrible that u feel that way..but ppl will say anything to hurt you..I've had the same thing happen to me(not about weight other stuff) you just have to be happy being yourself..make sure you're happy..and just do u cause ppl will always try to hurt u..I think ur perfect and so should u..love you gabbie__																																				I actually have a similar story to this. I have an eating disorder	 I've had to go therapy before became I was depressed for many reasons. I used to step on the s ale everyday. one time I ate very little for more than 3 weeks. it was a very sad time in my life that I'm still struggling with																																			she is so inspiring. the true definition of beautiful inside and out																																				I love you so much	 Gab. Thank you for being such an amazing and inspiring person. <3																																			wow! thank u so much for being such a role model to me! this video saved my life	 I've never felt so right in my own skin until after wat u said. U are honestly amazing and beautiful and thank u for making me notice that I am too and that it's not just everyone around me xx																																			u still got the juiciest butt																																				I love you Gabbie																																				FUCK what people say	 you're my fucking goal																																			Gabby	 I hope I speak for a lot of us. But we freaking love you!!!																																			I guess the 226 ppl are fat shamers																																				I love you the way u are appearance is nothing personality is everything you are a pretty and funny girl thats why im subscribed __																																				Thank you!																																				"you are very brave, thank you for the video. YES, we need more in-depth videos because this is an undereported topic and you are doing a great job, i believe it will help many people. you are looking and sounding great, so keep it up. but please remember that if you had an eating disorder for so long, you should always be AWARE of it, no matter how OK and in control you may think you are cuz that bitch sneaks up on you like a mofo. I was OK for a long time but then some upsetting personal events happened and it came back. Slowly getting back to ""normal"" now. Awareness, therapy and being honest with yourself will carry you through. well done Gabbie!"																																				good shit gabbie	 mad props for this cuz I could never do this																																			I just wanna come up to you and hug you __																																				I just wanna come up to you and hug you __																																				i love u gabbie																																				no gabbie you are not fat	 dont listen to those who tell you that. you are beautiful in ur own way and you are awesome. ignore the haters and absorb the positivity.																																			Omg gabbie you're so inspiring love you lots xx																																				Gabby I would love to share my story with you in some way																																				sigh another fake story.... don't you have anything better to do?																																				kudos __																																				I fucking love you gab you are awesome.																																				I love you so much anyway but especially for this	 thank you. You are a beautiful human ________																																			I still binge and starve I have I gotten better but I always fall back into it																																				I go through the same thing everybody tells me that I'm fat overweight I eat too much and it doesn't make me feel good																																				i loved this~~ thank you gabbie..:*																																				I've seen so many videos like that .... Having people telling me that I have to love my body and stuff and hearing people talking about how to feel good with your own body but..... I just don't think that it is that easy..... I just wish I could look in my mirror for once and say...... Wow 	 I'm naturally beautiful..... I'm confident and I'm strong instead of looking in my mirror and convincing my self that I'm not good enough 	 that I have to loose sooooo much weight in order to be able to wear whatever I want and feel pretty ..... And it's sad to waisting my life feeling bad for my body																																		your fine the way you are also i was really big like 245 and now im 203. and thats not bad at all hey and screw the haters gabbie and love yourself and the media is ruining our lives																																				You're an amazing human being! Love you so much! ________																																				when is she sending nudes																																				Oh my god I'm going through this Thank you Gabbie for opening my eyes																																				Gabbie I love you and i honestly think you are really beautiful __																																				#spreadpurpleforgabbie																																				Ur fat																																				isn't it funny how you suddendly start losing weight	 when you eat properly again? :) I was bulimic for four years and what really helped me was going vegan	 eating highcarb	 cutting out the junk and working out. Stay strong Gabbie! You are awesome and I actually think you look absolutely amazing <3																																	a mcdonalds advertissment came on before this video started																																				Say ricegum's name with respect ____																																				is it bad that I complimented myself in the mirror because I could really use a smile today?																																				This video really touched me. I have gone through most of the same struggles as you with the constant thinking about what I look like and comparing myself to others. I am so happy for that you are getting better. I am too. I love you so much. You are my idol and you are beautiful.																																				_ you	 Gabbbb.																																			Gabbieeee we all love youu _																																				I bet from this video you got way more subs ilysm xxx																																				Oh no this makes me so sad i«m crying :( Because i relate to so many things you said and it makes me sad to know you«re going through this. I hope you will continue to get better as well as everyone else struggling with this including myself.																																				Thank you gabbie I've been trying to tell my friend how beautiful she is but she thinks she is over weight when she is perfect.____																																				this was really inspirational. It really helped me. thank you																																				Gabbie U Probably Wont See This But...We Love U No Matter What.This Video Changed My Perspective On My Own Weight. #ShowLoveForGab																																				Hi Gabbie. There's so so so much I wish I could say. I wish I could have an open conversation with you. I really felt this. It hits me so fucking hard. Reading the comments makes me kinda sad because most people don't get it even though you did explain it very well. I'm so glad you're getting help. You're gorgeous and You're such a beautiful soul. keep going.																																				"THIS! The one video that made me cry my eyes out! My family has always said I was fat and I hated it even when I was thin I was fat. My sister called me fat in front of my friend and I was so embarrassed. What she said was ""if you weren't so fat you could fit through it."" and kept talking to my friend like she didn't say wrong at all. I was heart broken. I know I'm not the thinnest person but still. she hadn't said anything about my weight in a long time and I was pleased with being me until she said that. I realized I have stopped eating a lot or I over eat and it kills me. I want to be healthy just it hurts when your sister decides to put you down because you aren't as thin as her... I am trying to become more healthy and in shape though I want to prove to everyone that I can do it! just it takes time haha"																																				222 people are hating assholes.																																				<3 <3 <3																																				i lov you and i completly support you																																				___																																				__																																				____																																				______																																				________																																				______																																				____																																				My doctors tell me that I don't eat enough	 but I feel like I eat way too much food.																																			__																																				this helped me so much	 thank you gabbie_																																			Gabbie this made me sooooo happy. I have also been though the EXACT SAME thing as you and and i know the pain you went through. All i have to say is don't let ANYBODY tell you are fat. Because you are not. You are healthy and that is all that matters. You have fat (just like everybody) but that doesn't mean you ARE fat. Just like you have nails but it doesn't mean you are nails. ilysm :)																																				your therapist fucked your mind up																																				gabbie you are one of the most amazing YouTubers																																				I love you Gab. You're stronger and more talented than you know<2																																				If ur reading this your awesome																																				Please tell us the full story!																																				you are such an inspiration to many people <3 thank you																																				honey	 the only thing that's fat about you is your heart. you have the biggest heart. you care about everyone. thank you for sharing this. i love you.																																			I can't express how much I love you Gabbie. Thank you for being so open with the people who love you xx																																				I didn't know I had an eating disorder either even tho I would go days without eating and food was the only thing on my mind (like what I can and can't eat and when I could eat which was usually days after my last meal) and every once in a while I still get the thoughts but I can usually push them away and I'm kind of proud of myself even tho I miss my thigh gap and flat stomach but at least I'm healthy now																																				This was very inspirational and showed so much courage. Love you Gabby __																																				Very inspirational ______																																				______________________________																																				Anyone that calls you fat gabbie must be the most insecure person with themselves to not see how beautiful you and your body are.																																				Bitch	 you are hawt. Embrace your beauty and imperfections.																																			Gabbie I don't care how any one else sees you or how you see yourself because I think and will forever think you are beautiful. Since the first time I found your channel I've always thought you were the most gorgeous girl I've ever seen. I've felt the feeling of feeling like they were not good enough because of my weight and like you I did something about it and now girls want to be with me but these pretty girls I date now don't understand the struggle of someone working to be what society calls beautiful. I don't know I guess I feel like maybe you'll understand me more and that why I like you so much. I just hope one day I can see you someday somewhere and come up to you and sweep you off your feet and treat you like a queen for as long as you'll let me.																																				You aren't fat! Even if you were it doesn't matter. There's no such thing as an ugly human because beauty is in the eye of the beholder	 so your ugly could be someone's outstandingly gorgeous. We love you so much Gab! ______																																			hey gabs i just wanna say i really understand this video. im only 13 but i do understand. i have bad anxiety about like everything. about my body	 about eating in front of people. but i want you to stay strong and keep working out if you think its right. i watch your story and follow your excersises most of the time. i really look up to you and love watching your videos because sometime they really hit home. __																																			I've been battling anorexia on and off for 5 years now. Thank you for talking about your experiences ____ I love you so much																																				you're amazing!!!! i love you so much. I'm 14 and I already have most of these problems. Have any advice for me????																																				This was scarily an eye opener for me. I related to a lot of things you said and I didn't even notice till now. Thank you Gabbie. You really have helped me in many ways.																																				You're so gorgeous gabbie																																				"This video honestly did make me feel slightly better. My best friend has a hella high metabolism and she eats like 12 mini cupcakes a day and gains no weight.(I think she only weighs like 95lbs) and I can't stop looking at myself and thinking ""You fucking fat ass. Just stop eating already."" And, I would binge eat for a day and then not eat again for 3 days. I've tried to loose weight these past 5 years but nothing ever worked, and I never even thought of what I look like to people much larger than myself. I was hit hard by what that woman said to you. And I'll never forget what you said. ""Don't ever assume you know some one. You don't know their struggles. You don't know what they've been through. And you sure as hell don't know their demons."""																																				Virtual Hug (\ ^~^ /) You're incredible Gabbie!																																				pls do a more depth version																																				Recovering alcoholic here. I know your struggles Gabbie. Very brave of you to put yourself out there like this. Stay strong. One day at a time.																																				____________________																																				Oh Ms Believer	 Gabbie....Friend Please	 Before You Start Your Day I want u to remember not to be Stressed Out. Don't Fall Away through a Trapdoor! Don't let ur Heavy Dirty Soul be The Judge of you! Don't Doubt ur Ride through ur life! Don't be a Goner! Not Today	 because it will only leave a Tear In My Heart! Please be Clear that u r not a Kitchen Sink! U r too Lovely! And I know u have Guns For Hands	 so let's make a Truce! We are all Holding On To You! |-/__																																Your Awesome Gabbie!!																																				This is so inspirational	 thank you	 i really needed this																																		Eating disorders ARE NOT real disorders/ disabilitys. P..S : There are also only 2 sexes/genders																																				________________																																				Love you so much Gabbie! You make me smile and laugh and you've helped me so much with my depression and problems	 and you deserve to know that you are a beautiful person and you bring joy to so many people. We all love you so much! You are incredible and beautiful. Love yourself like we do! <3																																			This inspired me so muchh Gabbie	 you're actual goals and beautiful.																																			Thank you for this __																																				This kind of hit me close to home! Something I needed to hear. I suffer from anxiety depression and eating disorders all my life. But my are all arming throwing up. I went a couple weeks with only eating about 4 crackers and maybe half a can a soup a day. I seriously thought I was going to die. I went from 110 to 85. It was horrible and probably the lowest point I have been at. This video means so much to me and I'm praying for you to overcome all your worries! <3																																				I remember wearing a bikini once and all my friends laughed at me and judged me so I sprang the entire time in the bathroom crying and my parents would tell me that I'm not eating enough when I thought I was eating plenty just like you																																				This video will help so many people Gabbie _ this is why you are one of my favorite YouTubers __ we love ya & you are a beautiful inspiration																																				I have been going through something like that and I didn't know I was doing it just like you coz I was so concentrated on everyone else and making sure everyone else is fine and feeling well and i wasn't concentrating on myself but mostly I was so dipreesed coz of my weight even tho everyone was so skinnier than me and everyone was always telling me that I wasn't fat I believed them at that minute but when I looked in the mirror I saw myself with big legs and a big belly and I had fatness on my arms and face and everyone would say to me that it's just puppy fat don't worry about it but I was worrying about it coz I couldn't go swimming with my friends or wear shorts or dresses because I looked in the mirror and I didn't like my reflection but now I'm working out lots and trying my best to eat as much as I can because nobody's perfect but you just have to be who you are and cherishe that but I do have some days where I won't eat anything because but I try to get through it ____________																																				Me I need a smile																																				____																																				You're Perfect Just The Way You Are!____																																				The people that thumbed it down are just a**holes																																				I'm in recovery of anorexia and you really really inspire me and many others to keep going Gabbie	 thank you so much _																																			This video already means so much to me	 Gabbie... You're a fucking huge inspiration to me	 and this video makes you even more inspirational to me. I'm anorexic	 and learning that one of my idols also struggles with an eating disorder makes me feel so...valid. You're such a beautiful person	 and I know you may not love yourself	 but we (your fans) have more than enough love to make up for that. Thank you so much for this video	 Gabbie... You have no idea how much this video means to me.																														Gabbie	 I'm incredibly proud of you for finding the strength to upload this	 and for combatting your eating disorder in the healthiest way possible. I genuinely appreciate the fact that you felt comfortable enough to share this with us. You are an intelligent	 creative	 hilarious	 and brilliant human being. You deserve nothing but happiness.																															gabbie isn't fat	 she's curvy	 she's beautiful just the way that she is.																																		I can relate big time.																																				Stay alive	 stay alive	 for me...|-/																																		FNAF You don't know what we been though																																				Hey Gabbie	 I know you probably won't see this but if you do	 I just wanted to say that this video was an eyeopener for me. This week I have read Grace & Style (where she talks about her ED) and Tyler Oakley's Binge because I was always interested in mental health and body issues etc but I hadn't realized it was because of my own struggles. Thank you for making this video	 thank you for putting yourself out there and making people happy. Ily Gab	 thank you for being you __																																Gabbie you are goals!!!																																				this was so beautiful Gabbie! thank you for sharing this ____																																				I would be really into if u do do more in depth of ur journey																																				crying bc same																																				I'm proud of her that's what I meant lol																																				I love this I just love how gabbie is so open about things she actually had the guts to put this out there and not many people would put this kinda stuff out there I proud of her and I love her so much ____________ stay strong __																																				Gabbie	 you go girllllll																																			I started crying __ Because it's so real Love You Gabbie ________																																				I'm so happy when ppl who actually support u comment such nice things this is one of the videos that I've ever seen where people are saying nice living things and I agree with the people u should feel beautiful no matter what and ur good enough and pretty enough for me and ur probably not gunna see this but I love u so much and u make me smile no matter what video just thinking about ur videos make me smile and this sounds kinda creepy but yeah I know u only post a few days every week but I check everyday when I can to see if I can find a video I haven't watched so thank you. Thank you because u inspire me and I think ur brave and I love u and ur awesome and great and cheer me up and make me worried and sometimes give me mild anxiety but that's ok I get anxiety about a lot of stuff. Any way thank you so much __________																																				________																																				This really made me think. I'm currently trying to lose weight, and i weigh myself several times a day. While i know that i'm overweight, and that i don't feel comfortable in My weight, i know that i need to be careful to keep eating. I have tried waiting until lunch to eat breakfast so i could eat less, i have tried eating bananas and apples for lunch, i have tried not eating at all. I'm lucky enough to have people around me who tell me i'm beautiful. I'm trying so hard to prepare myself for the day that i reach My goal, to restrict myself from going any further. This video inspired me to go at least a day without weighing myself. Not sure where i wanted this comment to go, kinda just wanted to tell someone.																																				this hit me hard______																																				"I kind of know how you feel Gabbie, I've always thought that I have a weird body shape, and that I need to have the flatest stomach I can get, and I suck it in everyday, and you made me really think about it when you said ""Your before picture, could be some one's goals picture"" and like you said, it doesn't mean that it still doesn't bother you, because it still does, and I think I'm gonna work on that. Thank you Gabbie for making me realize some thing, that I should of realized a long time ago."																																				"I was always the skinniest in the family, my family like to gather and eat and have 3 plates every meal, whilst I only had 1. I hated how I was not classified as part of family for not eating as much as them or liking the foods they did, I didn't like salad, meat, soup. And everyone called me skinny, they thought it was a joke and laughed, but I hated being skinny and not being included. They always said you don't know what your missing out on, I did but I couldn't help myself, I just couldn't force myself to eat more, being called skinny was bad enough I wasn't gonna change my body weight either. I have now gained weight and at an average weight for my age, and eat salad and a lot more foods then I used to, I've improved so much. Yet that's not good enough, and I still get called ""skinny"", it's like be over weight to prove I'm good enough. Stop being ignorant."																																				did she mean goldfish as in the fish i mean I'm from Australia and here goldfish means pet fish is there a food called goldfish in the US																																				Gabbie thank you for putting this vid out... it was really encouraging________																																				Thank you so much gabbie I'm in the same position you were when u were in middle school this might sound exaggerated but u might have just saved my life ________																																				"ive always hated my body i never eat at school and its becoming such a ""normal"" thing in my daily routen its scary i mean im 13 and weigh 81kgs im a fat peice of shit i am my whole life people have pushed me into corners and telling me shit like "" why are u here u fat peice of shit ew go kill ur self u waste of space"" and ive been called that shit so much i belive them but i know i should worry about the numbers but i cant not worry ive bascly based my whole life around the scale. and for the record gabbie, ur body is fucking goals and i would swap anyday gurl"																																				Alright I might be kinda confused but I eat when I don't need too	 I'd I swe a box of oreos I'm gonna eat that shit. it's not cause I'm stressed or what not it's cause they did a good job with the damn oreos lol																																			No way u r not fat ________																																				This video made me choke up a little. Thank you for being so brave																																				You are beautiful __																																				Hey gabbie	 ur soo inspiring	 I'm glad you shared this	 ur beautiful! You should post another video more in depth if you want to! There seems to be so many people this already helped .																																	I know none of u will really care to read this but...ill give it a shot. For so many years I have struggled with eating. Since I barely ate, it caused me to have mental problems, which caused me to have depression, which caused me to be suicidal. During those times I was at a point where I was basically ruining my life, not caring about myself, and hoping to die. I got to a point where I was planning on committing suicide this summer. Since I hated myself, I thought, I'm too fat, I will never be skinny enough, even thought everyone said I was not fat, that I am thick and curvy. And that I have a nice body, but I've never listened to them. But in the end, I managed to start eating better, mostly because I was killing my body, with eating no food, with mental issues, with the self harm. I was basically a messed up person covered in scars. Striving to be beautiful. In the end it turns out that my negativity was all because of the low nutrition. Everyone is beautiful, we just don't see it.																																				you're awesome for sharing this. I'd love to hear a more in depth video																																				Watching this brought me back to the times when people showed me I wasn't good enough. There was this one time in 5th grade, when this woman named Rio (I remembered her name because I hated her personality so much) came to our classroom and she was like an anti-bullying campaign person. and she brought these papers and gave them to the whole class and told us to write one good quality about ourselves and pass it to the next person who would write a good quality about us while you wrote a good quality for the next person. at this time I was so obsessed with my body and my face and boys so the only good quality I could think about was beauty, and I wrote Pretty, feeling like a liar when I wrote it. then I passed it to my best friend at the time and she wrote Beautiful for me and it listed my spirits so high. so after a while as the papers were passed around I don't think I cared what I wrote for others, I just wanted to get my paper to see what people were saying about me, when out of nowhere this boy named Ethan blurts out the fact her got my paper and is shocked to see that someone wrote beautiful on it, because he obviously didn't think I was. I didn't know what to say at this point, I was completely torn down. a few girls speak up to attack him and make me feel better, giving me compliments. and now every time I think back to that, I cry because I had never been so embarrassed or depressed in my whole life. if I could go back I probably would've killed him. anyways, thank you for this video Gabby. I've struggled with body dysmorphia and a bad relationship with food the majority of my life and it's nice to see other people who know it feels to think about your weight and the food you've consumed all day, every moment, and not living your life. love, Gabby.																																				I would like to hear about it in more detail! Xx																																				Can I like this 10	000 more times?																																			Fuck the 217 people who disliked this__																																				"Thank you so much for making this video Gabbie you are such an inspiration I honestly starts crying during this video because it's so inspiring and amazing. I'm going to be a sophomore in high school next year and I have always thought of myself as ""fat"" but this past year I was a cheerleader for my school and cheering is something I love to do and because I loved to do it I started gaining more confidence and I started going out with my friends more and just having more fun overall and this past year has been the best thing ever and for me I've never been able to look in a mirror and call myself beautiful until these past few months but for anyone reading this just find something you love to do and surround yourself with people who make you feel good about yourself and I hope that'll help you with your self confidence and I hope you guys can be happy soon :)"																																				"hey gab i dont wanna sound that i know what you went through but one thing i know for sure with this video you helped many many people and not just those people who feel ""fat"" but only those who dont believe in themselves so thank you"																																				"Girl, I was instantly drawn to your channel because first, you're funny as hell, and two I saw an old video of yours and I was shocked that we look so similar! I was called fat a lot growing up because I had a booty, but shit, now that seems to be ""in"" and I'm cool with that. I've been working out too lately and everyone tells me how I look so much thinner.... which is funny because I've literally lost no weight... actually gained weight with muscle gain. Anywho gabs, I think your gorgeous and I bet so many girls would kill for that bod. Love your videos!! :)"																																				When she said i ate goldfish i thought she actually ate goldfish like the fish																																				I l_VE YOU A LOT GADDIE YOU'RE GREAT AND I THINK YOU HELP ME A LOT CUZ I HAVE SIMILAR PROBLEMS IN YOUR SERIOUS VIDEOS __																																				I l_VE YOU A LOT GADDIE YOU'RE GREAT AND I THINK YOU HELP ME A LOT CUZ I HAVE SIMILAR PROBLEMS IN YOUR SERIOUS VIDEOS __																																				Thank you for sharing this	 I'm happy that you're starting to accept yourself. Lots of love Gab __																																			Gabbie I loved this video. I struggle with how I look when I'm around people and I have anxiety like you did (or may still have). This video just made me rethink my body. My entire life	 I've been around people who are skinnier than me. I have a naturally very curvy body and I'm the only one out of my entire family on my moms side that have the curves (I got it from my dads side but he left when I was one so I've never met his side). I'm only twelve years old	 and struggle with how my body looks. I was diagnosed with social anxiety disorder	 and it sort of takes over my life. I don't have very much friends	 and I don't go out. Anyways	 __ thank you so much for helping me rethink this because nobody's ever told me the things you said in this video. You are the one person I look up to gabbie. You really inspire me	 and i really hope you do get better. Xoxo____																														I'm eating takis __ let the guilty fulfill me																																				Gabs	 you're literally so beautiful inside and out. Stay strong and don't ever think you're anything less than perfect <3																																			After recently being discharged from hospital after 2 months for an eating disorder, this really helps to know I'm not the only one. Thank you so much for being a huge inspiration to me. Your beautiful and don't let anyone tell you otherwise. :3																																				Even I know that u probably won't read this but any one out there that has a eating disorder so sorry and hope it gets better and it doesn't madder if your thick or skinny u are Beautiful no madder what it is what madder's on the inside and never the outside and never let anyone judge u and be base of ppls words and never judge a book by its cover I have heard I have dealt with a lot but I wanted to put this out there																																				I love you gabby and everything you are about I'm going threw similar situation but I haven't bein able to go to a therapist like I want to I applaud you girl keep going strong and one day hopefully I get a chance to meet you and cause I honestly feal like we could have so much in common______																																				Thank you so much. Im dealing with an eating disorder as we speak. My boyfriend begs me to eat on a daily basis	 i have lied to him a few times because i wanna lose the weight so bad. Last night i was making myself throw up because i ate 4 fries that had bacon on them (im a vegetarian) and hearing that i might be someones goals photo changed my perspective on this. Thank you so much Gabby. Because of you i might be able to eat again																																			GOD i've always wanted your body. Its crazy how this world makes you want to feel llike shit <3																																				This made my day. I THANK YOU SO MUCH! I always think of the worst of my body. To skinny	 to fat	 not muscular enough. But now that you have brought it up	 I feel that maybe my body isn't as bad as I seemed. I never wanted my body but now that I think about it	 my body is a goal to someone. I cried hours on end about my body being horrible and I never liked it. I guess I have been looking for this perfect	 amazing and impossible body that just couldn't happen. Thank you for bringing this up and if you could please make another video about this. As always I love you and will always love you know matter what happens in life. Again thank you so much																															"I would say ""Yes"" to sharing a more descriptive side to what is going on, but I kinda feel like I'm being rude for doing so, ya know? It's your personal life, it's your situation, only share it if you want to. I think I'm struggling with some form of eating disorder, I most of the time don't eat until I'm starving... I'm trying to stop doing that, and eat smaller portions when I'm hungry, but I have a serious issue with my appearance and how much I weigh, it's hard for me to get over it.. Thank you for sharing Gabbie, you might be helping people, and I hope this does help someone <3"																																				i was in my talen show and me some friends and some teacher wanted to send a message to are school so we used the song you dont have to try and it was the same message that gabbie was trying to say but about her self (btw im not trying to be rude plzz no hate) :)																																				Thank you Gabbie for putting this out there. It is so hard to talk about things like this. I suffer from depression	 low self esteem	 and a sort of eating disorder. I either eat way too much or way too little. I can't get it right it seems. I'm overweight	 but after this I'm going to try and focus on the positives.																																	Thank you so much for talking about this Gabbie :)																																				I doubt you'll see this comment, but still...Thank you for using your voice! In this video and in your 'check your privileges' vid You got this grown ass woman tweeting #TeenChoice twice a day__ You're amazing!! X																																				I love you gabbie ________________																																				PREACH																																				You're soooo gorgeous!!!!																																				Honestly	 good on you! As long as you're healthy and comfortable with your body	 there's no need to be ashamed. I think you look pretty damn good. And you probably already know this	 but most of the people who call you fat are probably 12 year old losers. Anyway	 I hope things continue to get better!																																"Ok everyone who thinks their fat just wait and listen lets tell a stroyÊSo a girl.. lets call her Emily. So emily was a really active girl and she was fit, but her entire family was.. big boned and once emily went on a date with a guy she really liked, she had a really good time but when he dropped emily off he said ""I like you but i can't date you cause your to fat"" she took it seriously she started not eating and running even more show her boney arms to her mom ""I'm Still fat!"" but starving your self can have mental effects on you, she started fainting cause her body didn't have nutritious it needed so she went septic and she gradually got better but the moral pf the story is no mateer what people say its what your first thought is about you not comparing or anything, but if you are fat you need to find reasonable ways to loose weight, talk to your doctor find a training partner do something that is HEALTHY FOR YOU"																																				"I struggle with my weight and i was bipolar with it. Sometimes I would eat everything in the house and be ""overweight"" then I would have those times where I would eat little to nothing at all. My mom worked out with me because my doctor told me I was pounds overweight. I hated my body and I would work out so much. Society's view of beauty is not accurate. I still struggle with my weight but not as much as before."																																				Your so inspiring Gabbie	 i love you so much xxxxxxx																																			Hi	 new channel	 trying to grow and looking for other small channels to check out! :) <3																																		Gabby	 thank you so so much. I just started at an eating disorder facility but the last couple days I've been not ok. Just thank you.																																			Your BEAUTIFUL__ Your AMAZING__ Your STRONG____ KEEP BEING AWESOME__________																																				I am a dancer and I have to take breaks from social media a lot because when I go on I just compare myself to everyone on there. I don't have a eating disorder but I do self harm which is my demon at the moment. So I recently took a brake from my social medias and it was AMAZING. It felt so good to not compare myself to girls that have abs or thigh gaps and things like that. The day I got Instagram back and so fourth	 my depression hit really hard again and when I go into the bathroom I life my shirt up and just stare at my stomach. I know I'm skinnier than some girls but I feel like I'm never good enough and there's always these thoughts in my head saying how I NEED to loose weight. I had to go to the doctor last month and when they weighed me they said I was 97 but I heard 99 and I almost started crying. I'm terrified to gain weight because I feel like no guy out there is ever gonna like me if I do																																			Good for you	 Gabbie! Keep up the healthy mindset! <3																																			Anybody who disliked this video remake you decision!!__																																				I used to be shy about my prolapsed anus but now I have the courage to drag my swamp ass on everyone's carpets..thanks boo boo <3																																				Gabbie	 you're so amazing. I can't even find the correct words to tell you how great you truly are. i'm 15	 and I suffer with an eating disorder. I'm eating way less. very small portions almost to nothing. This video changed my thoughts quite a bit. I would love it you'd make another video on this. You're beautiful	 and I think you're perfect. Please keep your head up. I love you	 and you're gonna make it. _																																You're the best Gabbie I love you so much																																				this really hit me hard because thinking about it now i honestly think i have what you have but i don't really want to say or talk about it																																				I'm so happy for you.																																				YES YES YES do the deeper video																																				Thanks Gabbie for making these videos for all of us and I hope you inspire many people and keep inspiring them. You've helped me allot. When I felt down and sad you'd be the first YouTuber I look up to watch videos from. You make me laugh so much and I can relate to your videos. I hope you keep giving us stories to make our days a little brighter. And I just want to say that I love you so much and thanks for cheering me up when I need it I hope you read this soon keep doing what you do best which is making me and all of your fans smile. And let all of the mean comments get to you because we as your fans can over power those trolls out there. And to all the trolls you like Gabbie's videos because you which them and leave mean comments																																				I ALWAYS worry about my weight when ever I wear crop tops EVERY one looks and body shames me I am tired of my life.My parents ALWAYS make fun of me for my weight I can't do this anymore...______																																				When she said goldfish I thought she meant actual goldfish __																																				Thanks Gabble that really helped! For months I've been trying to lose weight just because I don't look like my friends or anyone at little lighter than me. But now I know that all doesn't matter and I don't need to worry so much on how much numbers come up on a scale.																																				erm. you're one of the most beautiful, attractive , hot, sexy,, perfect face, hair, clothes. you are just fuckin gorgeous! But aside from that, although i mean it sincerely, you're fucking gorgeous! the way you speak! the articulation and intelligence discussion / arguments, is so stimulating and thoughtful. Not being sexist but many young women play the ditsy babydoll rolls. There's nothing a real man finds more attractive than a smart women. If she is smarter than him, he will have a boner 24hrs a day. And happily take a bullet to save her. ,																																				Veganism helped me recover from my eating disorder - it's worth looking into <3																																				I love you so much. You're beautiful. Thank you for this video.																																				Gabbie... Thank you... I hope your advice helps me and others... Mine is a little different though... I cannot gain weight very well.. Most people are probably thinking 'oh god I wish I could have that'... But in reality it's not that great... I am currently sitting at 5'3 and 89lbs.. I'm 26yrs old with a 4 yr old daughter.. I eat more than most people can but lately with work I haven't been able to eat as much.. I normally weight around 93lbs if I eat 6 times a day and snack in between and drink 3 ensure drinks... If anyone else does have this problem I just want to say you are not alone... Gabbie	 Thank you for always keeping my spirits up and helping me through my life.. I am glad I have you as a role model and love you very much..																																			Ur not fat																																				DO A DRAW MY LIFE PLS																																				I love how you look and how you are																																				Samantha	 my wife who passed on to the Blue a little more than two years ago	 was like that. She went up and down in weight a lot. A few made jokes about it. When we first met she thought I wouldn't like her because of her weight. I have never been one to allow society to tell me who I'm supposed to attracted to or who to be with. I always tried my best to make sure she knew that I loved her. The way she smiled and laughed	 her love to all	 the way she looked. She was great. Over time she had her ups and downs. I was always there for her. Like she was there for me. You would be amazed at all the love she wanted to share with others. Her pain from all the broken bones as a child was constant. Brittle bones. Osteo Genesis Imperfecta. Life in wheelchair. I find at times doing things subtly and over time works better than shoving things down a persons throat. Both of us used to do that and got nowhere with it. Helping each other without forcing things worked better. She taught me to encourage and support others. To show them people do care. That they should live their dreams. Better to see if you fail or succeed than to not try at all. Her dealing with how she looked everyday hurt me inside. She got worse when she lost her parents. It tore her up. She passed in her sleep. Lungs weren't getting air because liquids from stomach went in. I denied the real reason. Her brother was supplying pills for three months before. I tried to get her off them. Her other brother waited over a year to let me know what toxins were in her body. He knew what I would have done. That brother I haven't seen since. I forgave him long ago. Sam would rather me to continue helping others through their hard times instead of me holding a grudge and letting it consume me. That's what I let happen towards my parents until her. I wish she were here but it's not possible. You move on. Within first year we were married she died her hair from dark Brown to red. She noticed how a lot if comediennes	 actresses	 singers and so on that I like are red heads. She worried more than necessary. Would never have left because of hair color. That'd be superficial or something. Always take each day one at a time	 Gabbie. You are a great person. Beautiful	 funny	 energetic	 and more. We all have our problems. Just take it a little at a time and you'll be fine. Too much all at once and we break down. No two experiences are the same but our similarities and differences can help others get through what they're going through. Have a great Sunday. Rock the Clock. Smack a Pony. Last one was a reference to a old British comedy. Feel the Force is another.																										GABBIE PLZ REPLY I WOULD DIE																																				I'm only 11 and I've been throw allot the past few years of my life. I never fit into a group before at school. And to make up for it I would eat and people would call me fat and ugly which didn't help my anxiety disorder. And so I would eat to cope with my problems. I always thought I was fat and I tried losing weight by not eating. Than it was time for me to go to middle school and I was so nervous I was going to be made fun of for my weight. So I sat alone for the first few weeks. Than I started making friends	 they didn't say anything about my weight. Then one day I looked in the mirror	 and for the first in a really long time I felt happy with myself and my body																																		Since the very first time I've thought you're beautiful __ life is too short to worry about what others think of you __																																				So thank you very much for making this video __																																				if i see ANY hate comments on this video	 prepare to get ROASTED!																																			Gabbie	 I wish you already realized that you were perfect and way beyond amazing as you realize you are now. Don't let what other people say get you down. This was a very sweet	 true	 and empowering video. Once	 I was self-conscious about my weight and I felt like I was useless	 like I didn't belong here. Now I realize I am perfect and phenomenal. Keep smiling and live life to the fullest. (This comment also goes out to everyone else.)																															Gabbie	 you are a rare beauty. Please never think of yourself as fat. At most you are a woman with curves in all the right places. Everytime I see youI	 think you look amazing. Remember it is okay to be hungry	 it is okay to want to eat	 and it is okay to forgive yourself for all the negativity you once beileved to be truth. Look within and find peace there. Take time to get to know your body by sight and by touch. Feel you and know you. When you can look in a mirror and truly be happy with what you see	 you will be at peace with you.																															Wow gabbie you really made me think about my life and the choices I make for my body and honestly from the bottom of my heart (Thank You So Much!) Not just for making this video but for making many other videos about decisions and Life Choices and yes you may think were just hear for funny videos but honestly we also come here to listen about decisions and being honest and loving ourselfs. But to be honest gabbie You just made a huge impact not only on my life but to everyone that watches your videos.																																				I completely agree with you	 Gabbie! I used to always compare myself to others	 and only when I realized that's bad did I start to gain confidence in myself. Everyone is different and that's how it should be.																																		your are such an inspiring and beautiful person gabbi stay awsome																																				Thank you so much for this video Gabbie. When I was in school I use to self harm and had buliminia until I almost passed out at Dance practiced because I wasn't getting anything in my body and I had to pretend I was sick. Years later But lately I've been wishing that I could do it again or starve myself and this video reminded me of why I stopped. It is not healthy and no matter my size that doesn't make me less of a person. I love you Gabby and thank you so so much for reminding me of this. You're beautiful just the way you are. <3																																				good job on this video it's okay to be vulnerable to such a thing as a disorder cuz at my weight I do find myself in a rut shed some off my body until I tried this idea. Eat a small amount of food 2 times a day and the workouts you do will get the results you want.																																				I care about each and every one of you	 and you're all beautiful!																																			I would love and in depth video and sweetness I love you so much and the way I get through my pain with eating problem is your speech to your friends and family and they will help you !! And you can even speech to me if you have any problems																																				Gabbie you're so gorgeous and I'm happy you're in a better mindset now.																																				you're beautiful gabbie																																				I have always thought I have to be a piece of paper to be perfect																																				One of my friends was always like	 nah I'm not hungry	 or	 nah I didn't bring any food to school today and once she said oh lol I'm cramping bc periods and I remember her telling me that she was still cramping like an entire week after her period so she went to the doctor and they said	 look	 you're just not eating	 so now she eats. I was so scared for her	 but she's okay now.																													Gabbie you have been my inspiration and I have been thinking the same things for a while that I'm not good enough and that I am to big I have never thought to stop comparing myself to other people I have never thought that I am perfect just the way I am																																				"Gabbie, story time... When I was younger I used to be fat. I used to get overwhelmed by my emotions and my assumptions of how other people thought of me. So one day I got picked on for being fat by a lot of people and it progresses through all of Elementary. And so I starved myself. This never helped, it only made me feel sick and become more ""fat"" if you will. Then one day I told a really close friend of mine about this and she told me that even if i was some fat kid she still loves me for who I was. And if I was happy, then she was happy. What she told me inspired me to love myself for who I am and take action the right way. So I ate better and exercised more intense and now I am A LOT skinnier and everywhere I go someone has to comment about it. Which reminded me of this saying when I heard when I was 10. ""It's not always right to do what's easy, and it's not always easy to do what's right."" Much love Gabs <3"																																				You are very brave and thnx for your story very informative andÊ helpfull for a lot off ppl.																																				I've been called fat all my life and I have had an eating disorder and I still do.. But this video changes the way I see it I guess. Thank you soooo much__																																				Gabbie i just want you yo know that i love you and you are beautiful no matter what.																																				everyday i throw up before class because i want to stand on my toes																																				Honestly when you have a severe eating disorder you don't compare yourself to people	 you compare yourself to how small you can be	 or were. You think even skinny people aren't small enough. I feel for you cause that's also no way to live. But most with eating disorders don't have courage to pit themselves out there	 thank you for the support!																																	This is why I love the gabbie show when I eat I don't gain I'm like the size of a 5 year old body and when I go to school I get bullied because I'm too short and to weak to do anything thank you Gabbie for always making me laugh even though I'm in pain thank you																																				This made me tear up a bit ilysm Gabbie u are such a big inspiration keep doing you because u r perfect the way u are ignore all the hate and be yourself. __																																				I love this so much like OMG you are an amazing woman who is so beautiful and I am so happy you shared. So Proud																																				OMG this video I needed! I used to hate the thought of eating food because I choked on food twice and from then on I was scared of eating food. I wasn't eating for months and then I started having panic attacks and these things happened at a really young age I'm talking about 5-6 yrs old. Anyway I started having panic attacks because I thought I was gonna die when I choked on foods. Anyway	 my mum talked me through it all and she got me eating food again. But now it's starting to happen again because I hate my body and yeah...																																			Yes	 I would love a more in depth video...																																			"Gabbie, I'm so sorry you had to go through all of that. I know from experience what it feels like to be uncomfortable in your own body, and the truth is it takes a toll on your whole life. That's why I first went vegan, because I truly believe it's the healthiest way to eat, the way humans are designed to eat. And it saves you from having an internal battle with yourself every time you're offered food. It's much easier to say ""I don't eat cake thank you"" than bargain with yourself that ""you'll just have a bite"" and then feel like you've failed yourself over and over. I don't miss that roller-coaster at all. People think this way of eating is restricting, but I found it to be very freeing instead."																																				"Gabbie, you are beautiful. I know how it is to always compare to people that are a lot skinnier than me. ""It's not about losing weight, it's about gaining confidence."" That is something that I am going to always carry around with me, a few days ago I was talking to my friend about this and she said, ""Girl don't even get me started on that 'not skinny enough' stuff because you are perfect."" I am now going to try to start believing it. Thank you so much Gabbie for opening up to us about something that is very personal. I love you!! ________"																																				you do your thing!																																				<3 <3 <3 <3 <3																																				I love you gabbie your such a beautiful person I love how your so inspiring love you gabbie																																				All in favor of targeting assholes who leave fat comments IRL?????																																				This was an amazing video __________																																				yo i here the same shit from some people some think im fat other say im built others say something else i just stopped giving any shits about what people have to say i don't go to the gym to not feel bad about walking around with out a shirt i do it for me cuz I know that's just something healthy for me to do																																				I'm A Ballet Dancer so yeah bread water carrits and air																																				When I was 11 I was bullied so much. I didn't have a girlfriend/boyfriend	 I was a loner	 and everyone thought I was weird for having different intrests. I was also being abused by my moms boyfriend at the time. I was depressed for a long time because of the bullying and the abuse. I would never eat and if I did I would only eat a little. I thought that I was fat and if I kept eating I would get fatter. I almost killed myself twice. I slowly made progress of eating again with the help of my mom. Depression still hung over my head not as strong as before. I was still cutting my wrist.I no longer starved myself going into 7th grade. No one ever talked to me	 or sat by me. Few people tried to be my friend but I would push them away and never let them see what kind of a person I was scared if they would use if against me like everyone else. One day sitting in the back of my class a pretty girl tried to talk to me but being me I pushed her away. Wanna know what she did?																																	"Gabbie thank you soo Much !! This really helps me with my journey in fixing my eating disorder :) and realizing that I'm not a monster because I'm not the ""perfect"" size"																																				Can you do the other video and also thank you for this video it helped a lot __																																				I suffer from depression and anxiety. when one goes out of balance I lose all control of my feelings. so I understand how some things can be so difficult.																																				"I would love to hear more about your journey Gabbie. I have bulimia. I have for 7 years. Learning to deal with my disorder was/is a daily struggle. But hearing others' stories, that is what makes the journey ok. We know we aren't alone, and we know people understand our struggles. It isn't just a matter of ""oh get over it."" Someone as kind, caring, and beautiful as you understanding, It makes us feel that we CAN get through it. We CAN survive our daily battles. You can, you can manage life as well as our food demons. So can we. We just need to stick together."																																				"""It's not about losing weight it's about gaining confidence"" <3"																																				Hi Gabbie	 I would just like to say you're beautiful the way you are	 and don't let anyone ever tell you different. I hope you have a great weekend	 and many blessings to you as you journey to be the best person you can be. Keep up the good work you're gorgeous.																																	thanks exactly one of my hahaha I noticed too																																				__ This helped me Gabbie. Thank you. __																																				"Awh hunny. I'm really glad you're using your platform to reach out to your viewers like this. You spread a really positive and healthy message and I'm really glad you made this video. Body issues plagued me in my teens, I'd have panic attacks getting dressed and flat out not leave the house. At some point I grew out of it and became comfortable in my skin, but I wrongly assumed everyone did. It wasnt until I went out for drinks with a coworker in her early thirties that she looked at me and told me ""There isn't a single thing, not ONE single thing I like about my body."" and it sort of blew my mind. I so easily forgot what it was like to struggle with these thoughts. To anyone reading, I ask you, take a look at yourself and find one thing you like, just one. Focus on it. Listen to Gabby, stop focusing on fitting a mold and start focusing on being healthy, and happiness will come."																																				This was very inspiring gabby I struggle with trying to gain weight I'm above the age of 13 and only weigh 80 pounds no matter what I eat I grow nothing but don't let people bring you down for you body if anything that person is probably jealous and is struggling too. You are so beautiful and amazing. Have a nice day thank you so much.																																				This means so much to me.																																				Well Shit this would make David feel bad																																				Gabbie your not fat but people that are you can't just tell them it's ok and I'm not saying if if your a little chubby I'm saying if you are completely Obese to the point it effects there health and I know it's there life I just couldn't Bear living like that																																				i was actually in highschool when people told me my face was really chubby and i felt so bad about it because although my body is small i have a really chubby face and it made me super depressed and started to search online on how to reduce it. i have gone on a water diet where i just drank water and not eat for about a month and i started to lose weight on my face but i cant concentrate on school or anything or even be happy because im constantly watching myself and forcing myself not to eat. but now i just try to accept it and live with it and its not easy but im sure we can all find inner peace in ourselfs and just know that every single human being is beautiful inside and out because god made you this way and its your job to embrace that and work on beeing happy and just living:) I LOVE U GABBIE I TRUELY LOOK UP TO YOU I WANT YOU TO KNOW YOUR ARE THE MOST BEAUTIFUL AND DONT LET ANYONE TELL U OTHERWISE NOT EVEN YOURSELF																																				I'm consumed by thoughts on my body too all day long																																				Please tell us more about your journey gabs it could help a whole lot of people I've loved hearing about it and I love you xx																																				I love you Gabbie	 that's all __																																			What's this song																																				love how genuine this video is!!																																				This is kinda off topic but if anyone needs advice on how to stay healthy/maintain good health/ lose weight you eat as much of the good food such as proteins	 fruit	 vegetables ect. And only have a very limited amount of junk food. You should only have chocolate	 chips	 ect. Once or twice a week and a small portion of it. I'm not a doctor or anything but this is truly a good way to lose the fat / keep good health.																																Your compassion strength and confidence inspires me to be comfortable in my own skin and to not compare myself to anyone else																																				Thank you gabbie so much. You're really helping people with this video. I'm only 12 and I suffer with an eating disorder. I've thought about starving myself and barely eating. My you get brother has always said I wasn't normal because I was overweight. I'm never comfortable with my body and during my 6th grade year (2015-2016) I only wore sweatshirts and leggings no matter how hot it was. My friends and teacher would always tell me to tale them off	 but I refused because to me my body was covered and full of blemishes. My arms were too fat and bumpy( I have a skin disease that makes your skin bumpy- not contagious ). My legs were too chubby my stomach was too big. I always worried what other people thought of me. I thought I was too ugly because I have never had a boyfriend. I didn't see my real beauty. I'm not healthy and as you said i always thought about food. I am working on being healthy and comfortable in my own skin. I shouldn't care what people think	 let alone my brother. Once again	 thank you Gabbie. I love you so much.																																	Dear Gabbie, You're so famous I don't know if you even read 10,000 comments. If you do see this, I know how you feel. I'm 13 years old, and 2 years ago I was diagnosed with anorexia and bulimia. I would starve myself, skip meals, throw up, and sometimes I wouldn't eat the whole day. I was 10 years old when it started. I grew up in a family where both of my parents worked, so they didn't really pay attention to what I ate. One of my dad's friends, who is a doctor took notice and from there I recovered. I went through 2 years of thinking that I was fat and overweight, but now I'm okay. I'm a huge fan, and I watch all your videos, vines and follow you on social media. I think you're a wonderful person and I would do anything to trade my body for yours. I think you are truly a gifted, beautiful person and I want you to know that. Stay strong. - 1 in 7 billion who love you :)																																				its so weird to me that you think of yourself that way because everytime i see your body or you in a cute outfit i always think wow she's gorgeous or her body is perfect. happy to hear its getting better <3																																				thank you																																				Your story is very interesting. Please tell more if you don't mind.																																				One tip too	 I know that there are fans of different ages. If you're 12-18 if you think that you're a bit overweight	 you can do more exercise and stuff	 but also don't take it too seriously	 try to eat too instead of avoiding it. hope this helps one of you people.																																your my idol__ i love your personality and you mean everything to me i love you so much__																																				Gabbi why do you got to make people cry... I'm balling my eyes out of how inspiring and how truthful this video is....... And thanking you	 I now know that just because in hinsite you think your fat doesn't mean you are..... people say oh because of your age you got to be so many pounds because I'm only 11 and am a little over a 100 pounds and I'm think that I'm beauitful and by you saying that your before picture may be somebody's goals picture is just so inspiring to young girls and boy and everybody really and I now see my self in hinsite no your not fat but perfect.... And just because your friends family or even your doctor's say your over weight or obese and that you need to lose weight isn't exactully true unless it's effecting your health and life and may cause you to die..... All you need to do is be CONFERTIBUL and CONFIDENT in YOU______ and THANK you THEGABBISHOW for making me realize that. __and I know that's only on purple heart but the are a million more out there... And I hope you see this__																																			You are perfect in every way, Gabbie. I think so at least. Don't ever let anyone tell you otherwise.																																				I absolutely adore you Gabbie. You're so real	 down to earth and just someone that young adults admire. You're incredibly open and kind	 and sharing this story just makes me love you even more. X																																		I wanna give you a hug																																				I literally use Gabbie as body inspo																																				Don't let what other people might think bring you down. You are perfect the way you are.																																				Gabby we dont care if your skinny or fat we love you because your you you make us lagh on our bad days make us feel better about ourselves and no look can change the way you make people feel _																																				gabbie i love you so much im here. and i hope u feel better and i am sry for u being so sad.																																				#GOVEGAN																																				That was awesome very powerful message	 as someone who has carried anorexia and bulimia most of my life	 I can honestly say that it will never ever leave u. U can be healthy again but it is a never ending battle. Welldone for being so unbelievably strong girl!!! Xoxo																																		just wanted you to know, whoever is reading this you are beautiful and please don't let anyone tell you otherwise!___																																				Omg Gabbie u are like my favorite Youtuber and u are so inspirational																																				PREACH ______																																				See I compare myself to the girls in my class like ill weigh like 20 kilos more than them but what I don't get is there upset about there body saying stuff like oh I'm fat I'm too chubby while there like sticks I don't understand this but I've gotten better at eating and I've lost weight so I'm proud of that atleast																																				"Is is bad that I cried at this bc I lived it. I have a bunch of friends who think of me as fat and usually I just joke about it, But my best friend in the entire world is ""bigger"" than me. I have a lot of anxiety too, and I wouldn't say I have an eating disorder, but I stress eat A LOT. So I try to lose weight but I can't put in the exercise So I try not to eat. But I learn from this video that ur weight doesn't define u as a person, u do. So thx Gabbie for helping me. (PS ur not fat ur fluffy)"																																				6:55-7:18 was incredible and I will forever think of that quote when i'm at the gym. I'm so glad you made this.__																																				I've been eating around 350 calories a day lately and my body was clinging onto anything I gave it as well but recently I've been having the same mentality as you explained in this video and it's helped a lot. thank you for making this video gab__ it's going to help so many people																																				You constantly amaze me in how much you inspire me. I've struggled with my weigh since I was about ten years old	 and just watching you	 and hearing about your struggles as a remarkably beautiful woman	 whom I look up to very much	 has made me feel better about myself. So thank you Gabbie. I love you so much. ________																																GABBIE YOUR LIKE THE PERFECT FUCKING SIZE SINCE WHEN HAVE YOU EVER BEEN TO BIG OR TOO SMALL???!!?!!??!																																				I struggle constantly with an eating disorder and you are amazing got coming out about it. Especially for me because I have a very similar body type to you and you're body is so amazing to me! I would love to know more about your disorder!																																				@The Gabbie Show You are my goal I wanna be like you... with my own slight twist thoughÊ>//<Love ya!																																				wow gabbie your really cute																																				a bunch of people call you fat	 who are being brutally honest and one person calls you a skinny mini to be nice for the first time so u just just asume every other person on the planet besides her is a hater.dumbass																																			I love you sooo much you slay my world																																				thank you Gabbie ilysm ________																																				I would really love to learn more about your journey if you're comfortable sharing. I have suffered with an eating disorder for a majority of my life and you are such an inspiration to me. It would help me so much __																																				Gabbie	 I know that you might not read this but everyone else could. Anyways everyday I feel sad because I get brought down and made fun of and its sometimes from my own family but I'm starting to feel happier sort of because I realized that life is hard and people will bring you down but what you have got to remember is that you are great and you do not have to be perfect you do not have to have people like the way you look but don't let that ruin your personality because the outside doesn't matter it's the inside that does. Anyways I really appreciate your videos.																																			Also. If you're reading this.. You're beautiful :)																																				yo gabs that highlight tho																																				Gabbie you are so amazing and gorgeous! Thank you for being you!																																				Keep your head up Gabbie	 we love you. You've got a beautiful soul and personality	 always remember that.																																		Gabbie	 you aren't alone. Just recently my sister just got released from the hospital from anorexia. She had an eating disorder. She wouldn't eat. She used to be heavier	 which was terrible to her. She weighed less than her little sister that is 3 years younger than her. She weighed 80-75 lbs. I weighed 100 lbs. She went to the hospital. Got released and it happened again 1 year later. All because of the people that went to her school	 she got called fat and ugly. But I looked up to my sister. She was my hero. Now.. She still is. No matter how you look	 you're beautiful. Don't let the people take you down.																																I was always bullied I don't have a lot of friends because I'm big. I try hard and fail I put makeup on and started sucking in my gut all the time. I started eating healthy. And started running I wanted to lose weight so bad I didn't want it made fun of. This video made me realize that l'm perfect the way I am.__																																				I hate to admit this	 but I suffer from bulimia	 I eat food and then I throw it up	 I tell my family that I have some sort of stomach bug	 they believe me. I lost six pounds in three days from throwing up my food. I just can't seem to ever love my body	 I want a stick thin figure so badly. I run and workout constantly	 but only seem to gain muscle	 sadly... I have many failed attempts of diets. I even cut out some foods entirely. I want to ask my mom to let me talk to a therapist	 but I can't build up the courage and I don't want my family to be disappointed in me. I have kept many secrets from them and I don't want them to find out through a therapist. My mother once found old self harm scars and threatened if she ever found more she would take me to a therapist. I just want to be perfect	 but can't seem to get close to it. Sigh. Any advice I guess?																											i completely understand. it helps to know you're not alone.																																				Very well said ______																																				so glad to see you speak out about health and not appearance there is a difference																																				Damn Gabbie. Never would've thought that you didn't know how awesome looking you are at one point.																																				Gabbie is my goal ____																																				Thank you for making this video. I would love for you to make another video that would go a little more into depth about what you've gone through. You're an inspiration to so many people Gabby and I hope you know you are helping so many more by sharing your story.																																				Great message!																																				You helped me so much. I'm already becoming more confident in my body. I love you Gabbie!! ______																																				I am 12 years old and I have been picked on in school for 3 years and I would come home crying every day and 2 out of the 3 years I had this boyfriend and all he did was break my heart and I got picked on even more after we broke up because all of his friends called me fat and wanted me to kill myself and my mom always said just be like the river and let it flow by you but that didn't work I just got out of sixth grade and that was one of the worst years of middle school the only person that would help me out was my big brother and he wasn't there all the time so I am going into seventh grade this year and I am going to start an anti bullying group and give out speeches at my school so people know that they matter																																				this is awesome! as a bigger-but-not-too-big girl myself	 I really relate to you in your struggles. your talk about the evil in comparison really hit home with me. thanks for your kind words!																																			"This may sound weird but gabby in my eyes as a thirteen year old girl.EVERYONE is beautiful in SO many different ways! As long as you are healthy when u are a little over weight I am very happy for that person! Gabby don't let ANYONE tell u your not beautiful! Even the smallest voices can change anything! So if u are having trouble with something fight through it and be happy! We all love you so so very much and I may only be thirteen but if u need me I am here for you! Thank you for being you self!__ and I wanted to tell you something really funny and cute....my three year old sister says when someone says they are fat ""your not fat you are voluptuous"" she is adorable! Love ya gabby!!!!!!__"																																				I used to be the same with that eating disorder with a long time of anorexia but i recovered and i wouldnt say im eating healthy by all the junk food but im eating normaly again and dont give an f if im chubby cause tacobell all day every day!																																				Stay strong Gabby! Love you lots __																																				a while ago i watched her videos and i thought she had the ABSOLUTE perfect body i still do																																				I feel so big compared to other girls my age	 but	 if you come up to me saying I'm fat	 I'm just gonna say	 at least I have some skin																																I am 15 and weigh 170 I've been judged for being fat people coming up to me and saying I shouldn't eat that people who I have loved with saying I've eaten to much today or that I should lay off the crackers I've never been in a relationship and I always believed that it's was because I'm fat and that no one wants me well one day I realized I can change I can try I can be myself and be happy I'm thick and I'm proud and gabbie you are an amazing person and I wish I was as confident as you																																				Good on you girl congrats! Any disorder or addiction can really trigger panic and anxiety. I've been fighting panic disorder for going on 9 years now	 just know you're not alone	 and to smile as often as possible because we never know how long we've got __																																		No words for how beautiful you are																																				Aww Gabbie	 I love you no matter what! Don't let people tell you something you're not. I hope you are happy. God is with you and you are in my prayers.																																			I know how you feel. When I was 10 I weighed 110 pounds and thought I was big for my age. It didn't help my case when my mom said she thought I was obese so I couldn't have any pizza.																																				Honestly	 I constantly worry about my weight	 and how I look. I try to eat healthy but I always break it and I don't even notice.																																		Gabbie I love you and those people that called you fat and stuff like that are jerks! You are teaching a real lesson to everyone in the world																																				i had an eating disorder & i still struggle with anxiety. seeing how much better you've got is extremely inspiring. i love you so much gab																																				"god i never knew this about you Gabbie i just saw you from David""s channel and but i love you and your videos. i hope you stay motivated and loved the song at the end"																																				You're amazing	 Gabbie ______																																			hey let me tell you girl if you don't like your body you can still appreciate those on fleek eyebrows																																				i relate to everything she said in this video.																																				i love you gabbie :( <3																																				I love you sooo much!!! This hit me hard and it is so inpirational! Thank you for being a blessing and just being a wonderful human being! Thank you so much. Love ya Gabbie!																																				Major Props to you for just having the guts to put something so deeply personal and real out in to the public like that. Just remember you always have your youtube family <3																																				I think i clicked on this because i had an eating disorder for over two months i didnt eat i would trow it up my oarnets thought i was sick and i was in hospital i looked at food and it hurt me i lost so much weight it took me a while but i put some of the weight back on but it made me feel like shit because i felt ugly and fat and i kept losing weight i just couldnt help it and now i see who i am is who i wanna be and now i dont ever wanna chamge and no one else should cause u r perfect and this is the first time in my life i can look at my self and say i love my self so never change never let the haters get to u																																				You're so gorgeous. I don't have an eating disorder or anxiety but I do sometimes look in the mirror and sometimes I'm unhappy with what I'm looking at. We're all in this together! I think video would of helped a lot of people! xxx																																				Hey! Just wanted to tell you that if you are reading this then you look beautiful even if I don't know who you are or how you look just believe me when I tell you that you are beautiful being your wonderful self.																																				I know that coming from someone on the outside doesn't have the effect that's intended	 it's an internal issue that takes time to change your view of yourself	 but I'll tell you anyway: your amazingly beautiful inside and out	 you so need to accept that fact within your being	 nobody truly knows you except YOU! Stay amazing Gabbie!																																"Honestly, With my genes it's hard to gain weight when I tell my friends they give me looks. ""LOL YOUR TRYING GAIN WEIGHT YEAH RIGHT"" one of them said. I hate being skinny that you can see my ribs it's disgusting. After this video I realized... nobody's the perfect weight. all that's important is to be healthy. Social media and ""friends"" don't determine my happiness. all that's important is that I'm healthy. but ive binged too much. I'm gonna be in junior year and im gonna be as confident as I can be. I idolize you gabbie helping me accept my body"																																				Thank you gabbie! You helped me																																				more in depth video plzzz																																				Gabbie you are such an inspiration																																				Gabs I would love to see a more in depth video on your disorder	 it is inspiring to me in regards to how you fought it. I think since most of your viewers are the age that eating disorders tend to start up	 I think it would me very helpful and meaningful to them(I'm not speaking for anyone I'm just giving my opinion)																																		dear Gabbilicious... please don't ever think that you need to confirm to an ideal that is presented by the media, society, or people who make cruel comments to or about you... you're a magnificent, beautiful, intelligent, funny, cool, fun, innovative, creative human being!!! you're the type of person with whom I could actually be comfortable hanging out!! I realize that probably doesn't mean much, unless you realize that I don't like being around people very much... most people are shallow, selfish, annoying and whiny and I don't have patience for that, which is why my previous statement actually means something, at least to me!! you're spectacular, Gab!! if you want to change something about yourself, please do it for YOU, not for anyone else!!! no matter what your bathroom scale says, you're amazing and beautiful!!! thank you for being you!!!!! <3 <3 <3																																				Whoa I didn't realize thinking about my body so much was a problem. Oh my god. I'm honestly a little worried.																																				Thank you. I struggle everyday to accept my body and be confident. your words are very touching. since young I was called fat and now it's something I accept which I know is not okay. Now that I've heard you	 you brought tears to my eyes. I will seek for help to get healthy and seek help to lose the weight and be confident in my own skin. thank you._																																			I love you Gabb and thank you for this	 it really helped. And I'm only 14 and my family always tells me I'm fat or Ive gained a few pounds and to lose some weight because I'm fat	 but if you can get through it all	 I can too. I love you and I hope you well.																																	I love you	 gabs __																																			Thanks for sharing this	 it was good to hear for me and a lot of people too.																																			This is me																																				Gabbie	 you are a wonderful	 beautiful	 funny	 intelligent	 and fantastic person. I haven't ever met you in person (although I would be honored to) and I didn't become a fan until recently(but I wish I had been a fan much much longer). You make me happy. Watching your videos is the highlight of my day!!! As I said before	 I haven't met you in person but you have my full support and love and I really hope that if you see this comment it doesn't scare you because I'm actually a nice person!!																														That Highlighter tho!!																																				I cried not going to lie but I starve myself and you help me alot I love you																																				You are absolutely adorable and amazing! I'd kill for your hair and big brown eyes. Be the best of you.																																				Thank you so much for posting this and using your platform to bring awareness to such a big issue __ much love																																				You are brave and you are beautiful. Thank you for posting this video	 I bet you probably saved someone's life by posting this. I've been obese for years and a couple months ago I had weight loss surgery because I don't want to die before my children are grown. I'm down 65lbs so far on my journey to a healthier life. I watch all your videos but I really leaned on your videos in the beginning of my post op a lot because it was really hard to not be able to eat and it hit me emotionally and you made me laugh and smile when I was feeling down and I thank you for that.																																			You are such an inspiration. I started feeling this way a few months ago and it got to the point where my family had to intervene. They started telling me to go on walks and they joined together and started buying healthy things for us to all eat. I am proud to say that in the past 2 months	 I have lost 26 pounds due to my family's love and encouragement. I'm so glad you made it through your struggles__																																			Thank you for sharing	 Gabs	 I love you																																		I had anorexia for 3 years and would punish myself when I ate or felt I ate too much 	 I was able to realize what I was doing and got helped from a a person I love very much who sadly was the only one person who saw something was wrong 	 we are stronger and we gotta help those who need help we got this guys																																		______________																																				______________																																				u should make a more in depth vid about it if u feel comfortable with it. btw I love you sooooooooooooo sooo much																																				Aww I wish u the best ur so brave to talk abt this																																				I know you said you were nervous about putting out this video but I'm glad you did and I'm sure lots of other people are too. All my life I have been told to eat more and asked if I eat at all because I'm so skinny and I hate it so much. If I could have the chance I would wish to look like you. You are so beautiful and I idol you so much. I'm glad you finally realized these things about you and are better or getting better now. I'm glad you are embracing who you are because I feel like I don't know how to because I'm not normal. This video made me cry because even though you go through all of these struggles you still are able to find light in the situation and I feel like I need to work on that. This video will help me work on that and I am thankful for that. Thank you for deciding to put out this video and please take care of your self. I love you Gabs	 we all do.																																			@thegabbieshow You might not see this but I know what it can be like to battle with an eating disorder and I just can't even imagine how hard that is when you are reading all those hateful comments. But you have to remember there are so many jealous hateful people out here that don't even mean the horrible things they say but are intimidated by your amazing personality and success and dropping the 'fat' comment it's an easy pathetic shot to fire. I love your videos and I'm so grateful for you posting this one. Sorry for the paragraph but I was compelled to post this in the hope you will see it.x																																				I wanted to be youtuber and I thought I was going to be the only one who had an eating disorder	 I am so glad that you posted this Gabbie	 you are my inspiration!!! Ilysm __________ Eating disorders are tough to battle and I'm glad I read all the comments	 now I know that I am not the only one who had an eating disorder. I don't have a disorder anymore	 but for anyone who does	 try and try and try	 if you keep restricting you might have to go to an eating disorder clinic	 I did	 even there it was tough	 I kept restricting and that led me to the hospital. I restricted there and they had to force feed me	 I won't get into details but let's just say that it really sucked	 don't restrict	 it doesn't help	 you can do it	 beat the disorder	 get help	 make sure your parents are super supportive. Everything will get better! __																				This made me cry cause I can relate so much. It's insane I would of never thought of her thinking that about her self she's so beautiful and a happy person																																				all the love for you	 gabbie.																																			Thank you for having the courage to share such a personal story. Your words are everything	 and will make a huge impact on so many people	 myself included. Much love. Xxx																																		Thank you for sharing this. I know your changing lives and will continue to do so. I'm so happy to know that your trying to do the best for yourself.																																				So much love for you!!!																																				the story about the woman calling you skinny minnie has honestly really opened my eyes. especially when you said that your before photo my be someone's goals photo:)																																				I currently am struggling with my weight. but I've been doing the opposite of what you did	 I ate a shit ton to gain weight and for the past week I've been puking because I've ate too much and I couldn't handle all of it. I've been 80 pounds all my life. but you gabbie have made me feel very loved so thank you.																																			I am so sorry gabbie but we are here for you love you																																				I am experiencing the same thing right now. How I wish I could go to gym and shed weight. My weight has been a big insecurity of mine since I was in Grade 7. People make me feel ugly with my own body. I want to be better but I can't because they think I am okay. I want to know if there something wrong with me	 if I had eating disorder or anything because I want to get better. I was never confident of anything. I want to be like you but I can't.																																			This song makes me cry so bad __ idk what it is about it because I am a confident person mostly and I do usually think this but I think she sounds so beautiful and this song just hits me so hard __																																				This is absolutely amazing ILYSM this is so amazing and I relate to u sm I honestly love u and ur views on pretty much everything! I would love to c a more in depth video on ur story bc I think it would help me a lot (but only make it if u want to __) again ILYSM and thank u for all that u do __________________________																																				love u gab ___																																				Question for some of the YouTubers that are on here consistently. This is unrelated to the video	 but I was wondering why when I do a hashtag and write something it doesn't pop up blue	 but some people's will? I am also curious as to why when some people do + this and add a name it pops up blue	 but when I do it doesn't work? I was just wondering if there is something I'm doing wrong it's not important or relevant	 but I am just curious is all	 so if someone could let me know that'd be great. __																															I have always been sporty skinny (and small) --> no boobs and clothes too big (adults big	 children too small). So I would REALLY like to change bodies with you anytime if that meant I could have your boobs and shop normal size clothes :3 and I would be happy even though I would struggle more with weight.																																			Why do people even call her fat she's not she's... just not fat #teamgabbie __																																				this was so touching I feel the say but don't have a disorder																																				Keep pushing gabs. I believe in you.																																				Im fat.... Even my fam thinks i am ______																																				Go Gab <3																																				Gabbie's body is the body I've always wanted. I'm very skinny and many people think I'm too skinny and it makes me ugly. I'm trying to gain weight the hardest I can right now. I think Gabbie's weight is perfect and beautiful the way it is. Thank you for making this video.																																				You are beautiful																																				Wait 800 calories isn't healthy? The fuq......I mean I'm fine and I've eaten like that for over three years....																																				I'm the other way around	 I think	 not the typical story. Someone said it was also an eating disorder to just eat what you want	 no matter how much	 any time of the day. So I eat and eat sometimes and also skip meals. Probably why I've had a tummy since puberty. I was shown exercise in gym and thought it was a nuisance and only really fit bodybuilders and people that eat dull food did it	 not all thin people. I didn't know I had to exercise to attempt to live a longer life...I also was never really taught how much to eat and when. And now I'm so confused when I look up the number of calories I should be eating a day. I'm like	 who counts these? I thought it was just women that wanted to lose weight..																														i related to one part of this so much i actually started to cry... wow																																				Personally, I've always looked at myself and seen someone who's fat. I don't have a flat stomach, I have bigger thighs, bigger hips, etc. yet I don't feel like I'm skinny. I'm only 13 and I wear a bigger size than my mum and my stepsister. I'm not in shape, or anything like that, but at the same time I don't care. Anyone else could label me something and I wouldn't care. I always label myself, and always have. Dealing with depression, anxiety, and a lack of wanting to eat, has put even more pressure on myself. I've been fucking up my body all summer by drinking energy drinks, staying up all night, sleeping all day, eating at night, over eating, etc. But at the same time, I still feel pretty. Sometimes a bit embarrassed, but pretty. I try to endorse more on talents than my image. Except when it comes to being a Goth. I may be fucking up my body, but what the hell do I care? I'm not dead yet. Yolo																																				I love this video it tells a huge message to everyone and if u every feel sad it's ok to cry (my mom said that she's a therapist) your amazing and super pretty your so pretty inside and out!!!!!! Lysm																																				I'm a very large short girl. Anorexia has always been a come and go thing for me. I'll stop eating for a week or three then I manage to tell myself that I can lose the weight naturally. But I'm much too large to lose it naturally. So it keeps happening.																																				Omg I swear I teared up. Gabbie was so inaspiring in this vid. ilyam Gabbie	 and you are my goals photo __																																			I've been where you've been Gabbie	 I love you																																			Yeah																																				Thank you so much. Im going into my sophmore year of high school and Im 15 years old. All the other girls always make fun of me because im really skinny. I dont think I have a eating disorder but I think I used to. Part of the reason I'm reall skinny is because im a dancer and I have a dancer body. Everyone calls me anorexic or that im just skim and bones. Thank you so much Gabbie.																																				Gabby this video touched me more than any video on YouTube. I was sent to a psych hospital a few years back due to a lot of variables	 but one of the biggest ones was my eating disorder. I had been anorexic from 6th grade to around the middle of 9th	 and then suddenly I was over eating. I felt like I couldn't get enough food and just sat in class all day eating and eating and even got in trouble for disturbing class with my amount of food. I was never at any point fat	 but had convinced myself that I wasn't good enough	 so being as skinny as possible was the key to success. I am very healthy now after many many counseling sessions. I'm a single teen mom and you'd think having a baby would mess with me because it jacked up my body but I've honestly never been happier. I love you Gabby and I'm thankful for your bravery in talking about this. I hope you can see this message and know that you touch people. My daughter and I say thank you!__ Love Moragan and Baby Declyn Grace																																Go deep gabbie																																				Does David calling you fat affect you gabbie or is he joking																																				Gabble you're the absolute best don't EEEVVVEEEERR doubt that	 I know the struggle you went through and it takes a lot to come out of it. We __ you																																			Omg Gabbie I just love so much and I'm so lucky to have a role model like you in my life __ thanks you so much for being you																																				This it me realy hard ________																																				It's it's not even just body image. It could be anything. You just always have to remind yourself that someone most likely has it worse than you... So be thankful for what God has given you. It's so much easier said than done though. That's what suckssss																																				I never had an eating disorder	 but I have been struggling with anxiety and stuff so thanks gabbie for sharing you are such an inspiration __																																			I also wanted to add please try hard not compare yourself to others cuz it does consume your life and you are so beautiful and I watch your show religiously. As I scroll I see you have a lot of support and love and sometimes with that we can still feel alone. I can't speak for everyone but from the comments I've seen we all care! #teaminstinct																																				thanks for sharing gabby __																																				One of your best vids																																				It honestly felt good to hear you say that the reason you had always thought you were fat was because people told you that you were	 because some people even in my family call me fat	 but this video just showed me that I shouldn't worry about how much I weigh	 but more of if I am healthy or not. Thank you so much Gabbie for this	 it means a lot. And can probably help so many people out there. ________																																Thank you for posting this video. It means so much to me and I'm sure many other people.																																				"You should definitely talk more about your struggle and how you got to where you are today emotionally bc ik I'm ""in shape"" as all my friends say but i still look at some of my friends and think i wish i could have a flat stomach like her and not have to worry about sucking in my stomach when i change in the locker room. I skip meals sometimes bc my appetite is shot from not wanting to eat and medication for ADD. My mom is constantly fighting with me over how little i eat and idk what to do bc sometimes i genuinely feel like i'll throw up if i keep eating. Your story has been so eye opening and i would really love if you talked more about it. Btw you look great and you shouldn't compare yourself to others like i do. Ik its not healthy bit i cant seem to stop."																																				This inspires me :) hello from the Philippines																																				This video made me smile uncontrollably at the end of the video. You are beautiful Gabbie	 thank you for giving this to me and your viewers. __																																			Thanks for this ____																																				"You are so right gabbie as a young girl of 13 I know how it feels to not love the way you look. I've been called fat by a lot of people in my life including siblings, ""friends"", some family, and doctors. One time a doctor called me OBESE and it's the worst feeling ever and just stressed me out and made my health worse. It's been so hard trying to live myself and the way I look but I can never feel comfortable in my own body. I don't ever try to spit up my food but I do barely eat anything. I have always been insecure about my weight and when ever anyone comments about it I usually just brake down and go hide some where for example when I was up north I was feeling cute in a swim suit for once just swimming having fun then when I got out someone told me ""don't you have anything looser?"" Looking at my stomach and that just made me cry and I just went inside and changed and didn't swim for the rest of the day. I don't how to put my feelings into word for this category but I hope this said"																																				Fuck gabbie you got me crying over here__																																				Legit the same exact thing happened to me with the calories in the app. I tried to log in the calories I had eaten for the day and it wouldn't let me continue with the rest of the logging in because I hadn't eaten enough calories. Eventually i gave up on the app and restricted my eating all together.																																				"Gabbie, thank you for sharing this video.I would eat like 2 meals a day and I couldn't lose weight to save my life I actually gained weight I would go like 8 hours without eating a meal and so my body was in ""survival mode."" I never thought about it like I had an issue with food or my weight. I've always used the excuse I'm so busy during the day, so I forget to eat. Then I really evaluated how much I obsess on what other people are wearing and how good they look and how I wish I could wear those clothes and get out of plus size clothing. It really was in my mind a lot. I believe a big part of it is how I perceived myself and how I compared myself to others, but really the people close to me didn't think about my weight at all they don't care that just want me healthy and happy. I had to stop comparing myself to others and I have gained a lot of confidence but no where near perfect I still get thoughts but I recognize them now. Progress not perfection. You're beautiful #teamgabbie"																																				"""I got so many demonsÉ"""																																				thank you for this :)																																				Holy crap we have very similar stories																																				were you and D-Trix dating are you still dating																																				I hate how she thinks she doesn't impact us on our lives. She's made so many good points and given great messages on her videos and doesn't realize most of them change how I see a lot of things. Ily Gabbie and please don't feel pressured to have to go in more depth of your story if you don't want to.																																				Gabbie	 this video was truly inspiring. I myself have been dealing with body insecurities my whole life. People constantly telling me I'm not good enough	 I need to lose weight	 etc. To me this video was in powering	 to see a women be so open about an issue that so many of us deal with but are scared to talk about. If you see this please DM me on Twitter. @o2lchicago_ I love you -Maddie																																Uh um ya I um I am obsessed with ur body...hahaha yep																																				I just I can't even I'm crying this is THE MOST inspiring thing ever I've always thought I where a very skinny person an I've looked up to you as my goals an ive thought u were amazing an Just Idek how to say thank you plz keep posting things like this																																				i love you gabbie	 thank you for sharing																																			You SEXY Beast!!! =D																																				More proud than you ever know	 we all love you Gabbie. Glad you made it through	 because you are beautiful. _																																		I freaking love you _______																																				I love you	 you are beautiful and thank you so much for opening up Gabs________																																			I liked a lot this video. Keep it up!																																				You are the most genuine person for sharing thus with us!																																				when you said goldfish i thought you ment a tank of gold fish and that you ate a live gold fish my bad																																				Wow. This video really hit me hard. I used to wish I had an eating disorder just so I could loose weight. Sometimes I still do. And there are all these videos about how you can't compare yourself to models and stuff but the truth is that everyone in my life around me is skinny. And it really bugs me when a girl who is half my size complains about the cellulite on her legs when my thighs are bigger than my head. Stay strong Gabbie!																																				You're the best. Always posting videos with great messages. __																																				____________																																				This is why I love her! She is so honest about what she has dealt with. A lot of other people would never have the balls to say this in a YouTube video. Gabbie did it for people who she doesn't even know. That's very selfless and very inspirational. I used to love you for your jokes	 now I love you for showing everyone that they can love themselves no matter what body type they have.																																			Gabs	 you could gain some	 and still be sexy	 hot	 and I would want you	 honestly	 you're amazing.																														______																																				I'm only a few minutes in, but I HAD to stop and tell you I love your makeup here, Gab! #underdogs4life <3																																				Why didn't your friends tell you																																				Thank you for sharing your struggle with us. A very touching	 inspiring & poweful video for me. I have struggled my whole life with some of the same issues as you. I wish you continued success in your journey to recovery. All my love	 from one underdog to another!																																		"I struggled with an eating disorder for years as well as a few other mental issues, it sucked and it was so hard. My ""ahha"" moment was when I passed out in a mall because I had barely eaten for weeks. It's been a hard road but I'm here and healthy now. It's awesome you're speaking out about this and making people less afraid of their disorder and making people more aware!"																																				Your so beautiful																																				We want a more in depth video. Btw you're gorgeous ____																																				You don't know how much I needed this. Thank you for being so open and honest and posting this video. It was wonderful and perfectly timed.__																																				awww																																				During this whole video....... I was eating chips lol																																				"One day I was at school and this girl that I didn't really talk to ,I honestly didn't really like her, she knew I was getting bullied over instagram and came up to me and said..... "" you know how when things get hot the expand?"" I said ""yeah...."" Then she said "" good..... Because your not fat your just hot"" and I took it in a positive way and said "" well thank you"" and it just really made me happy so thank you Allisa McDonald__"																																				Babies you have always been sexy be your self																																				thank you gabbie	 you are amazing I love you:)																																			"""Your beautiful the way you are."" That's a quote that is good to stick with <3"																																				Gab I love you so much I have depression and you make me so happy and forget about my every day life so. I just wanted you to know that I love you and you make me SOOO happy																																				You are amazing Gabbie and are such an inspiration ____																																				You are not fat all those people who called you fat in the comments were just jealous that you were Skinner than them so they tried to brain wash you to thinking your fat so they could feel good about them but tbh you should not listen to them period.																																				"Ate pre, was suppose to be ""are"""																																				thanks gabbie you really help me because I am in the same situation not was but I am I'm think I'm fat but people tell me I'm skinny and I don't know what I am and I'm not happy so your advice help me																																				I love you so much Gabbie. You made me actually realize it all and it's hitting me so hard. You're such an amazing person and I really thank you for trying to help others get through this issue.																																				Well today I will give you a complement!__ gabbie	 you are such a nice person (when somebody isn't getting on your nerves) but I like that you ate pre always trying to make good choices I am sorry you had to go through all of this but I know you will always try to be really positive in your AMAZING videos! I am only 11 years old and I have already been bullied a lot and I try to put it behind me. Keep living life to the fullest and don't ever compare yourself because you are perfect just the way you are it wouldn't be the same without the gabbie I know! That's my complement!__ and if you ever get a chance to read this I hope I made you smile alerts just a little!_____																																			Gabby I love u girl__																																				OMG I think im the same as gabbie bc I always think that I need food even when im not hungry																																				good job gab	 you made it. happy for you girl <3																																			thank you for making this video gab! i've been struggling through my own eating disorder for years now and this really gave me strength__																																				sadly I for one do struggle with a eating disorder. it has taken a big effect on my life <3																																				go into depth about your eating disorder																																				"I am struggling with those issues right now and can't see myself as anything but fat or ""chunky"", and this helped. You're such a strong and beautiful person and although I'm still dealing with these issues, I hope to be like you."																																				This hit me so hard dude I'm balling my eyes out. I'm going through one right now. I've always been told I'm too skinny. Even before what I'm going through. I'm really trying to get over it but it's hard. This inspired me to stay strong and keep pushing. I've been really down lately. This helps a lot. You're such an inspiration and you always make me so happy. I love you and were always here for you__ thank you for sharing this I know it was hard I'm very proud of you. X																																				who else sees the picture that says in memory of																																				This hit me so hard dude I'm balling my eyes out. I'm going through one right now. I've always been told I'm too skinny. Even before what I'm going through. I'm really trying to get over it but it's hard. This inspired me to stay strong and keep pushing. I've been really down lately. This helps a lot. You're such an inspiration and you always make me so happy. I love you and were always here for you__ thank you for sharing this I know it was hard I'm very proud of you. X																																				________________________________________________________																																				"I've been always thinking that I'm bigger, while most of my friends all say ""oh you don't need to lose weight you are sooo skinny, you're body is goals"" which surprised me so much. I am greatful of my friends and need to share this video :)"																																				inspired																																				It's so funny that u make fun of ricegum and call his video click bait. Well you do more click bait and u stole some jokes from other people																																				Same																																				I just want everyone to know that they are gorgeous and wonderful exactly how they are. Being healthy is all that matters	 not what's on the scale. Know that if you are struggling	 there are SO many ways to get help. Big hugs to all of you beautiful showstoppers and underdogs __																																		you are so amazing gabby! Everything you say can impact anyone! Your are so intelligent and down to earth. And I will forever watch you videos!																																				__																																				Seriously this is really helpful your such an inspiration and I'm so glad I found u on vine and then started watching your YouTube videos. Even tho you will prob never see this I need to comment it bc u always make me laugh and inspire me __																																				Can out please make a more in depth one? And just know I love you and our perfect to me. Also I wish I could meet you but sometimes it's hard. And also know that you've helped me a lot. I think it are beautiful inside and out so thank you again for everything.																																				Thank you for making this video. I am 13 and am a anorexic and bulimic and it sucks. I'm so glad that you overcame your demons and this gives me hope.__																																				everyone asks are you anorexic or something like that. I eat more than my dad. I swear. I just dont gain any. I always Want to be that girl who is curvy	 for I am strait and flat	 or nice skin and I have really sensitive skin	 or nice thick hair while mine is stringy. I just want to be that way. I am EXTREMELY short for my age. I want to be taller so I don't look like a flat chested anorexic 3rd grader. I gained depression(medicated) 	 anxiety(medicated)	 sleep disorders(medicated)	 ADD(medicated)	 BAD OCD (medicated). I take SO much medicine right now and I'm still struggling with all of that. :( please help																													I wasn't crying until the end card music																																				I tried soooo hard not too cry through this whole video and then the song at the end hit me like a truck. You have absolutely no idea how much I needed this. I eat nothing but junk every day	 and every time I eat anything I think about how it's going to make me fat	 which doesn't really help my self esteem when I'm eating ice cream for dinner. Thank you so much for this video	 and I love you ______________________________________																																	her title is eating disorder and the commercial on this video was RBS we have the meat																																				You are truly one of the most beautiful human beings in the world																																				Now every time I go back and watch David's old vlogs I'm gonna cringe and feel bad every time anyone makes a fat joke	 even if you are their friend and are fine with it. Buuuut I've honestly never ever thought of you as fat and always thought you were gorgeous	 but if working with a trainer and losing some weight is what makes you feel confident and happy	 then you go girl!																																	HEEY STOP MAKING FUN OF RICEGUM DONT TALK ABOUT HIM																																				The only thing that is fat about u is ur heart																																				You are beautiful Gabbie. Absolutely	 perfectly	 beautiful																																		Gab	 you're so beautiful and have a great personality. Keep doing you and take care of yourself __																																			A more depth one would be nice																																				All your videos r heartstopping funny																																				Make a video responding to hate comment BUT don't listen to them																																				Be the best you can be	 try to be healthy should be ur outro!!! Like superwomans one love																																			This really touched my heart tbh it mad me feel a ton better and even better for Gabbie________u go gabbie																																				Thank you for this Gabbie_																																				This is why I love you gab.																																				Honestly	 I have the biggest crush on her ever.																																			so happy you made this video.																																				You honestly have lost a lot of weight over the past 8 months																																				I don't have an eating disorder, but a lot of this hit home for me. Firstly, the whole comparing thing. Everyone compares, and they definitely should not. I had a lot of self esteem issues from when I was about eleven to probably around seventeen. I always believed something was wrong. That I was different somehow. I was always really down about that. Turns out I was different. I was bisexual, and I was bipolar. At the time I did not know I was bipolar though. That's beside the point though. I grew more and more confident about what I looked like. Now I'm fairly confident. And yet I still see people comparing themselves. And worst of all, my friends keep comparing themselves to me. I hate competition, especially among friends. The other thing that came to mind was when you said 'you don't know their struggles'. I was at a summer camp when I was fourteen and fifteen and one of the exercises was for us to partner up, and then we were to draw a picture on a poster board of our partner. Then, as the week went on we were supposed to write nice things about that person on their poster. I came home both of those years with posters where the majority of the comments were about how I was always smiling. And yet, at that time I didn't feel like smiling much. I was dealing with bipolar that I didn't know I had. I was suicidal sometimes. So I guess the lesson of that last one is that before you comment on someone's outward appearance, try to get to know them. Because that comment about their outward appearance could be completely wrong. It's easier to try to befriend them. Holy crap this is long I'm sorry if you read all that XD																																				This video made me cry	 I have struggled with every eating disorder I've heard of and it was because of my family and friends. This year alone I have lost more than 160 pounds and I am still told I am disgustingly fat even though I can now see my bones through any clothes that I wear. Gabbie you are beautiful and very talented in many ways that I have seen	 you even made me happy after being homeless and going through my own stories. Thank you for sharing and making me feel like I can have hope :)																																		Your beautiful in all ways! <3																																				thank you gabbyÊI'm only 10 but I have been called fat from my cousins and my brothers and even my mom once or twice so I'm self consinis about myÊ body I trie to avoid swim suites and tite shirts because I don't like the wy my body looksÊ and I am aware that I eat junk food I have tried to avoid that junk but I see it and I want itÊ i have never been really over weight but i can kind of relste to uÊ id like to say thank u because u showed me I'm not really fat its just really my brothers teasing me																																				I really identify with everything you said in this video. You are beautiful and strong. Keep going. ______																																				First world problem's. She worries about being fat when there's people who don't know if they will make it past tomorrow cause they don't have food or money Smh I feel no sympathy for you																																				INSPIRATION! :'(																																				So glad you told your story. I know you're helping so many people by sharing!																																				__ we love you gabbie for who you are and what you are																																				this video made me smile	 even thought i don't need any help. thank you for helping and inspiring so many out there gabbie.																																			Gabbie I love you so much!!!! I have have the same problem as you did. I have been bullied for it. But you are the person that I go to to laugh. Thank You!!!!																																				"Omg gab i.e. It made my cry when you said "" not worrying about my jean size but feel good in my own skin! Thank you so much for this Video I love so much__"																																				this was so awesome...I've seen people on IG struggling with their body size n starving themselves buh really that's not what happiness is about.just take ur time n comment on these pages..let this people know how beautiful they're. That one comment changes someone's confidence level to a whole new level																																				yes a more in depth video would be very great if you're comfterable with that																																				You know someone is an amazing	 real life person when you come to her amazing channel for her hilarious comedy but u love the real life vulnerability and intelligence of her ily gabbie! __																																			I've gone from being a heavy woman to losing a TON and aiming for that extra 20 off. I got down to such a low weight (and still believed I was enormous) to where while standing and not sucking in, my hip bones protruded and I dipped between them. It's taken a Long time (and the additional 30lb gain from birth control) to look at old photos and think I really looked like someone I would be scared for. Like if someone I loved looked like I did - I'd have had to talk to them and help them. I do still want to get some of the birth control gain off, but not all of it. I want to feel and look good and not worry that my daughter will see me and feel SHE is big because she isn't my size. Thankfully - it's easy NOT to lose too much for me haha!																																				"Gabbie.....Thank you. I have been the fat kid my whole life until my senior year of high school and I lost ALL of the weight. And I mean all of it plus some. I thought it was because I was being healthy for the first time in my life. But I wasn't. you're right...eating was psychologically hard. It wasn't until my freshman year of college, when I was surrounded by people my age eating all the time that I realized my eating habits had become abnormal. Ever since then, my relationship with food has been awful. I punish myself when I eat too much, but love the feeling of hunger as I connect it with reward. I never talked to anyone about it, so I've never been ""diagnosed"" for it. But I learned recently that I almost died because of it. I explained a feeling of extreme pain I had once to a friend who is a nurse and she said ""That is what they say dying feels like"". Like you, I never see myself as skinny. Fat is a word I have (and probably always will) use to describe myself. But I see your videos and you look like me....and you are so beautiful and I feel beautiful because of it. So thank you, from the bottom of my heart. Thank you so much."																																				I was told my whole life i was fat. And I was compare endlessly to my sister. And now I battle a eating disorder and my mother is like ain't nothing wrong with you etc etc soo yeaa __																																				Gabbie u r such an inspiring person :) LOve u and love everyone that's dealing with these struggles best of luck for the future :)																																				Always made me insane with your fineness	 thanks for sharing and making so many feel they don't have to be alone	 <3																																		I've been a huge fan of yours for a while	 but now I feel like I can relate to you on a deeper level. I've been called fat my whole life and have had several bouts of disordered eating over the past few years (and much more severe self-harm-related issues). Anyway	 I've been eating well and working out regularly for the past year and a half	 and I feel like a new person. I feel strong	 fit	 and happy. I also recently got out of a two year relationship and now realize (especially when talking to guys) that I feel confident	 sexy	 and worthy.																													Gabbie!! I'm so proud of you for uploading this video. I've struggled with an eating disorder for the past four or five years of my life and it sucks. It's terrible going through it alone and its so hard to get out of it - especially because my binging and purging habits having become such a routine that I don't even notice them any more. It just sucks. People associating my eating disorder with a different body type or telling me to just eat and all of that bullshit has made me so afraid to speak and to get help and to recognize my problem and honestly	 you coming out and talking about how you are pushing to recover has inspired me so much. I've felt so alone in this and how you described yourself in the past is how I'm feeling right now. You've given me so much hope and I just felt the need to thank you for this	 so thank you <3																																		I don't know a lot of people who like super skinny people	 it's good to have a bit of meat on the bone	 it just looks healthy and fit. If your super skinny you look sickly	 and pale and awful. Gabby you are not fat	 and you weren't in any video you uploaded	 you just look healthy the perfect size. But when you boys get boobs then you know it's time for a little exercise.																															Could use more positivity like this and people like you in the world																																				<3<3<3<3<3<3																																				"holy fuck, this changed me. i'm going through sort of the same thing. i used to think that i was fat, even though statistically i wasn't. every little thing i would eat i would always think ""is this going to effect my weight?"" and i wouldn't eat for hours at a time. thank you gabbie for making this, and stay strong."																																				thank you gabbie, I really needed to hear this._ same struggles but becoming more and more comfortable in my own skin. love you																																				help me guys. help me tell gabbie she's awesome. tell her that she's not fat and she's going to be happy anyway she can																																				#MakeYouTubePositiveAgain																																				I love this keep staying strong __																																				I'm so proud of you.																																				You are right	 you inspire so many people like me!! Because everyone is perfect just the way they are just like you																																			i love how strong and real u are gabbie	 love u lots <3																																			*for																																				Your perfect the way you are!!!!!__ I LOVE YOU SOOOOOOOO MUCH!!!!________________________																																				this video was great and helpful I love you your my favorite YouTuber and your video's inspire me so much																																				Thank You so much fir making this video Gabbie	I really needed it __																																			Thank You so much fir making this video Gabbie	I really needed it __																																			Gabbie!!!! We love youuuuuuu <3 you're such an inspiration!																																				I love you gabbie your such a inspiration																																				We're all here to support you Gabbs! We love youso much.																																				I love you	 Gabbie! You're gorgeous.																																			I used to spit my food out as well at the height of my issue. It's so sad that so many people	 especially young girls go through something this terrible. The only thing that ended up helping me in the end was finding veganism because I realized that I could eat as much as I wanted without feeling guilty <3																																			Today I had a horrible day trying on dresses for my sister's wedding. Every store I went in	 the biggest size was large. I felt so fat and ugly because my sisters didn't have any problems finding a dress. I ended up with a dress I don't even like because it was the only I could find. Now I feel like I will be the ugly odd one out at the wedding. I came home after wanting to cry all day	 and then I saw this in my subscriptions and clicked right away. Then my tears I had been holding in all day finally came out. And I think I feel a lot better.																																		Gabbie has the fattest heart __																																				BRAVO!! Thank you for this. Seriously. Thank you.																																				"Okay, when YouTubers say ""I hope this story helps you"" I don't really take it to heart but it really did help. I feel awoken to a whole new realization. Thank you Gabbie."																																				I've always been larger	 and well I've struggled with Depression	 Anxiety	 Self-Harming & and eating disorder (I still struggle!) and I'm on the road to recovery	 but Gabs	 you're beautiful	 everyone who's watching this/commenting on this you're all beautiful. I'm proud of each and everyone of you.																														This really hit close to home because I don't eat at all during the day until like 7pm and my friends have just now made me aware of that. Now thanks to this video I am going to start eating a healthy amount everyday and start working out cause at the end of the day size doesn't matter what matters is if your size is affecting your happiness. Thanks Gabbie for helping me realize this______																																				"thank you for makeing this video i know it must of been hard and it's a really big inspiration and I have told myself everyday that I was fat and nobody would think I looked good. and my whole life I've been so ""hungry"" and it got so bad to the point where I starved myself for a week because I thought that the only way to get a good body was to starve and it wasn't you are my insperation keep your amazing videos going you are beautiful xoxo."																																				"""Your before photo could be someone else's goals photo"" That really hit me. That's something to really think about. Thank you Gabbie for making content like this for the well being of others as well as yourself. We love you __"																																				I LOVE YOU SO MUCH GABBIE! for about a few years i had been obsessing over my big thighs to where i used to rarely maybe even never wear shorts	 then i met a girl who was quite larger than me that wore shorts confidently and that helped me also the fact that im hawaiian and hawaiian people are usually larger helped me and made me love my ethnicity. Second I obsessed with my non flat stomach but a couple of months ago my cousin was talking about how no ones stomach is flat because of their organs and if someones stomach is flat they most likely got organs taken out or are just lucky people... but that helped me with that. Lastly i currently dont like stretch marks and other things that come from tight high waisted shorts or jeans but i dont really care about them that much because they're almost always covered up but if i get to the point... this video made me love myself and and my body a little more than i already did and i have you to thank and love _																																			"""Your before picture is someone's goal picture"" I gonna use that. Thank you__"																																				I relate to this so much.																																				I love you so much.																																				your a beautiful person gabby <3																																				That was beautiful. Stay strong and healthy																																				All I have to say to say is stay awesome and tell the haters to fuck off bc I can't do that for my own sake																																				"Gab, I'm 25 and struggle with weight daily. I used to be 110 right after high school. It was natural and I didn't exercise or eat strictly. I had my first child at 22 got up to 154 when I have birth. Now during breastfeeding I got down to 115. As soon as I stopped I shot up to 124 in 2013. Since then I've gained back to 145. I'm only 5 foot even so it shows. Plus I've been naturally ""thick"" I have thighs that have always touched and big butt. I exercise hard and watch what I eat. But, I feel so obsessed with food. I slip back into bad eating. I lose motivation. I struggle. I get depressed about it. Birth and breastfeeding has taken a bad tole on my body. Seeing this video helps me realize I'm not alone and I can overcome this. Thanks."																																				I <3 you gabbie! We all do																																				I love you gabbie ____ and I have always and will forever know you are beautiful and have a stunning body ____																																				Honestly	 not for me wanting to know your life but I'd love to know a more in depth version of your story	 like I would honestly really appreciate it	 please																																	Gabbie!! You are definitely NOT fat! It doesn't matter anyways! No matter your weight	 we all love you and support fully. Just please please PLEASE remember that we all love you so so much and will never judge you! Love you	 Gabbie! Be strong! <3																																		ok wait I have a question. Is it considered a eating disorder if you don't eat	 but it's not because appearance	 but because you just don't want to eat. Like you love food	 but you just don't want to eat?																																	I am a 14 year old girl who has been struggling with my weight and self esteem for a while. This video was recommended to me by my best friend	 who is one of two people who know about my eating disorder. I have been going on diets and starving myself. I eat about 300-500 calories a day usually and it really makes it hard to be happy. Because of you 	 I feel so much better about myself. I feel like I'm not as alone as I thought. I love you so much gabbie!!!! I hope you see this and you know you probably saved my life.																																		But it just sucks. I try to be happy but there's just always someone or something to bring me down. Somethings mainly being a mirror and someone also mainly me. My friends say your beautiful and not fat but then a guy has to come and say something as always																																				"Hey for starters I would like to say thank you Gabbie.Êyou are such and inspiration to girl my age. At 12 I'm going into the seventh grade. I didn't have bully ( at least i wouldn't say) but people would always tell me ""your too skinny"" and "" your almost like a skeleton"". It's not because i have an eating disorder or anything (even though I might have one) I just have that shape. But, i used to look at people who had a nice shape and think why can't I grow like them. But, now I'm all good and i am proud of my body and who I am because I've realized that I love me and the way I look doesn't affect whether I make it somewhere in life and i don't care what they think. You've help me realize that in a deeper meaning and watching your videos make me laugh and see how you deal with hate and your still alright and then i know i will be alright too. So I just wanted to say thank you for letting me be able to join this place where I can realize I'm perfect just the way I am."																																				I went to like the video but then saw that I had already liked it.																																				same same. was told my entire life that i was fat. and now when i look at back at pictures i'm like...what..i wasn't even fat and i wish i was like that now. because people kept telling me i was fat	 i kept eating and i would tell myself oh well you're already fat so you don't have to worry about getting fat. and it has gotten me to this point today. i'm still struggling with my weight. i try to stay positive but it's so hard. especially when you have really pretty and skinny friends	 who get boys and all that. i mean let's be honest. boys wants kim kardashians now a days so we don't stand a chance...ok enough of me ranting. love you <3																																		Gabbie	 when did this happen? How old were you. I also do what you used to do with food	 never eat in the day and only eat at night. Its not good. This video made me cry because 1. I feel so bad for you. 2. I realized how much we ad in common. Btw ily so much! PS. This video totally helped me :) You are so inspiritional ( Srry don't know how to spell lol )																																		__																																				I can totally relate to this video thank you so much gabbie for making this it made me realize that I need help so thank you so much! Stay strong beautiful <3																																				GABBIE CAN YOU PLEASE MAKE A MORE DETAILED VERSION. IF TOUR COMFORTABLE DOING IT.																																				awe gabby I what it's like to avoid food	 I'm still very young but I will go for days trying to not eat anything g to become skinny. when in reality I already am so skinny	 you just need to remember that your beautiful and good looking	 no matter how thick or thin you are	 it really doesn't matter ____																																Gabby	 I want to say thank you for making this video. I cried watching especially when you said that its about gaining confidence. I've had the struggle of people telling me I'm fat my whole life and this helped me see that they aren't worth listening to. That I am beautiful. So I thank you and I want you to know that you are beautiful in every way.																																			how did you ever think that you were fat	you are gorgeous and you have a stunning body _________																																			i have never thought you where fat you where always able to were short shirts and look good in them. Honestly im only 11 and my whole life family i and called me fat and i didn't think you where. i was at a family BBQ one time like 2 or 3 years ago and a person i did not know was my family said i need to stop eating and called me fat. This year when i was at lunch i didn't always eat a and everyone i didn't knew i didn't people would ask me in the lunch line for my food because they knew i would not eat it.																																				Gabbie, your videos give me life <3 ILYSM																																				Gabbie I just have to say your awesome for just letting all that come off your chest. It sucks that people said those things to you. And honestly I was on the verge of just no eating at all. People can be bitches and be awful																																				Your not fat ur like me																																				my mom is on the bigger side but i never looked at her as fat. she eats well and goes to the gym often. she is one of the healthiest persons i know. when people would call her fat i would defend her because fat doesn't have a number on a scale or any measurement.																																				i can relate to this on a whole new level and it doesn't help when ur own little sister is the one who constantly tells you ur fat																																				You go Gab! Be yourself and don't be afraid to do so! Love you <3																																				<3																																				Thank you for this awesome video Gabbie	 you're a great human being	 with a beautiful personality and a gorgeous face. And that's makes me think	 because I'm always thinking about my weight and what I should eat and whether I shouldn't eat for the day	 sometimes I'll skip a meal or two	 or I don't eat enough. Like I'm always obsessing over my weight	 every single day	 every thought I have has something to do with my weight. And I never considered it unhealthy	 but my friends did and of course being me I don't listen. I just don't know what I'm doing anymore with my body. Sorry to take attention off you	 Gabbie.																											Thank you for being so open Gabbie	 you're beautiful and so incredibly strong.																																			So deep I can see Adele rolling																																				I'm sorry if it is to personal but could you do a video on more information on you eating disorder? I think it could help a lot of people because now you're so beautiful and I bet you were still as beautiful before																																				the peole t that are so critical of other people's bodies the same people that are so overly insecure about their bodies. some people are just constantly looking for other people to put down to make themselves feel better. but the fact is calling me fat will make you any skinnier and calling me stupid doesn't make you any smarter. fuck what anybody says about you	 love the skin you're in. you're wonderful you are amazing and you are beautiful no matter what you or anybody else thinks or says about you or your body.																																			As someone who had an eating disorder when I was younger	 this video hit me pretty hard. Thank you so much for having the courage to make this video and sharing your story. Stay strong and you are beautiful!																																			boy did this hit home. keep ya head up	 princess. it ain't always easy but it is always worth it. much love __																																			when i was in middle school i played softball and my coach said i was going to be catcher for a tornament. i realized how much bigger i was compared to the other catchers on the team and i then started doing alot of squats and i barely ate but when the tornament came i hadnt ate at all that day but when the heat hit me i passed out in the dugout and when my coach asked what was wring i said i didnt eat. I sat out for the rest of the tornament and all of my teamates swore that they wouldnt tell anyone which meant alot to me. But now i have stopped starving myself but I still pass out every once in a while due to my kidneys	 which fucking sucks. However my point is	 is that i have always admired your body to me your body is perfect. you have the perfect body structure and i would give anything to have a body like yours. Not to mention your amazing personality and beautiful face. you are funny	 cute	 not a bitch	 and honest. in my eyes you are perfect.																															I'm so proud of you! I love you! You are literally like a big sister to me and you make me wanna do better! Stay strong and believe in you like I do																																				Great video. Thanks Gabbie! ________																																				Gabbie	 when I started cheerleading	 I saw all these girls that were so tiny and flexible and only weighed like 90 pounds. And so I thought that the only way to get like that was to skip meals and work out like crazy. I ate less and less until I was only eating about 1 meal a day. My stomach was always cramping up and I would get really tired super easily. I wasn't gaining any muscle nor was I becoming a better cheerleader. But I kept it up because I thought I was the fattest girl on the squad. I hated myself and I was in such a dark place. But your videos helped me through that and now I'm in my second year of cheer and as healthy as ever. Seeing this gave me mixed emotions I didn't know whether to be relived that there was someone I could relate to or to be sad that this was the way I could relate to someone. Thank you so much for everything	 Gabbie.																																	_ u Gabbie. I luv that you r being serious and persona. l just wanted to say I really	 really	 really ___ u and luv all your vids ________ ethan																																		currently at 2:51 in the video...relating already																																				Gabbie you're fucking hot __																																				This made me cry	 because I've dealt with this. I'm only 12	 and I was really scared that I was really big. I was	 but I feel that now I'm doing much better. I just didn't eat during school hours.																																	You do not need to continue telling about journey of you don't want to. You are beautiful every single way. I will support you no matter what love ya!!!																																				<3																																				u go girl! skinny ass :)																																				This is such a good video gab__																																				gabbie this just helped me luv u so much for the past days I was not eating anything and this video just made me eat a whole meal thx luv u																																				I'm so proud of you	 Gabbie. We're here for you.																																			I wouldn't eat breakfast for 5/7 days a week and I would wake up at 7 am and didn't eat till 12:50 pm and I would be in so much pain throughout the day and after watching you video I know it's not good to do that and your beautiful just the way you are																																				Love you Gabbie.																																				"All these youtubers that people think are ""perfect"" are stepping forward and telling their stories. it's very eye opening. nobody is perfect, everybody goes through tough times in their lives. i have been cutting for a year now. my friends make fun of the cause of my self harm which fucking sucks. I have anxiety and depression which also fucking sucks. I can't go places with my friends because I'm so worried of being judged. I almost formed an eating disorder, but luckily some of my closest friends helped me. I was just clean for 3 months and it was a bitch to keep clean. I have so much more to what I've been through, but I don't want to seem like an attention seeker. stay strong loves __"																																				Also love the song at the end really goes with this video																																				______________________																																				I dant think my dog can smile but hes my little monkey																																				honestly would have never guessed you had an eating disorder since you look healthy. but i guess that's the thing	 you never know how healthy someone is/ or used to be just based on their body image. takes a lot to come out with this video. would love to hear more	 like a timeline/weight video about your ED. <3																																		Thank you so much for making this video. It helped me so much. I am going through that same thing__																																				"aw baby you are perfect__you are not ""fat"" you are healthy and you don't need a ""skinny"" body. people give those names so they don't have to feel bad about themselves. ilysm gabbie____"																																				Gab	 I admire you. I admire that after you've been through your eating disorders and anxiety you can still be happy and talk about it with a calm heart. And dont consider yourself fat. I dont know why everybody think that you're fat. I think you've got perfect figure and mainly	 a good heart. Personally	 I never had an eating disorder	 but I knew a person	 that had. He was super nice but he told me that he has eating disorder and he gets sad very often from that. So I told him to start with eating lots of vegetables and fruit and then start working out. I met him after a month and he was soo happy and he had a good figure	 too. so that's that. But anyways	 thank you	 Gabbie	 for telling us your story. It's very motivational and I think you did a good job on this one <3																											"I've always been very naturally skinny but my main focus has just always been aiming to be healthy and I recently read this book ""the secret of your naturally skinny friends"" by Monica Swanson! And it's honestly the most accurate and empowering book I've ever read and I highly recommend that everyone read it!"																																				Everyone is beautiful in their own way __																																				You are a total inspiration!!!																																				I never really wanted to come to terms with my eating disorder. The thought of it scared me and when I did think about it made me want to eat less	 so thats exactly what I did. Someone would offer me food and I would tell them I already ate even though I didn't. It got to a point where my collar bones were sticking out so far that my mom and sister thought that I was contouring them. No one believed me when I said I had an eating disorder bc I wasn't diagnosed with it	 but I knew. Whenever people would say I didn't have an eating disordered it mad me feel like I wasn't loosing weight and I stopped eating completely. I stopped having a desire to eat and thinking about food made me sick. I'm still battling my eating disorder but I can tell u one thing this video made me feel like I wasn't alone. This video helped me and made me realize what I didn't realize before. Thank you _																																		I typically hate hugging people	 but I want to hug you right now. You're an inspiration																																			i love her song choice at the end																																				__________ please everyone especially young women watch this. It's so true. Good job for putting this out __.																																				GABBY WE ALL LOVE YOU!!!!!________________																																				I really love this :))																																				can you pls do a DRAW MY LIFEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE																																				Sorry I mean almost 2	0	000 still very close__																																		I love you Gabbie ______																																				this was amazing and so real	 and we are all so blessed and lucky that you felt comfortable enough to share this with me																																			Gabby and I think you're funny you were funny how come you got the gold play button or you have over 2 million subscribers? Even if you don't think you're funny I think you're funny!______________																																				this was amazing and so real	 and we are all so blessed and lucky that you felt comfortable enough to share this with me																																			I have to say it. I don't understand how people call you ugly, fat, slut, ect ect. Like holy fuck. You are so beautiful __ So gorgeous. Have such a beautiful body. You have beautiful hair (not creepy). You are just so amazing. I love you Gabbie __ and I am so proud of you to be facing your demons .																																				Can u make the more detailed version please?? Even if it's on your vlog channel.																																				Girl, you're fucking gorgeous!!!! Your body is perfect. It really is sad that this is something people have to go through. This world is becoming a shitty place. No one should deal with body shaming... I don't understand how you trolls can say she is fat..that's straight jealousy. I mean I'm jealous because she's fucking gorgeous. Calling her fat isn't gonna make any of you fucks look better.																																				I love this sosososo much																																				Gabbie	 you inspire me sooo much I can relate to you soooo much you have opened up a new door for me and I am walking down that hallway and I thank you for that I love thank you soooo much__																																			"I always eat whatever I want, saying ""yolo"" because even though I am heavy, I should be able to eat what I want and I pretend like it doesn't bother me but I know that subconsciously its always on my mind. Then right after I will complain about how fat I am. My friends keep telling me that I'm not fat and I just ignore them saying ""yes I am fat"". I was not told that I was fat in school or anything but I knew that I was different and that I am heavier than most. So the point I'm trying to make is I continuously struggle with having confidence in my body and putting myself down because of it. It's in my head and hopefully i (and everyone else with these problems) can break free of this plague in my (our) mind(s)."																																				At the age of 10 I started to develop anorexia. I was getting bullied and being called fat. I was put in the mental ward of a huge hospital 3 times and then put in rehab 4 times. The 3rd time I was but in the mental ward and rehab my oldest brother said to me that if I keep hurting myself he was gonna admit me to a higher level mental ward. It got to the point were I realized I was literally on the verge of dying from malnutrition. I went through therapy and I still struggle to this day with eating but I'm not as bad as I was.																																				"Gabbie, I know most people will say ""oh this girl is just trying to get attention"". But I'm not, you saved my life. I was watching youtube one day, and I was really depressed. I had a knife next to me and I was close to stabbing my self, but then I found you videos. You made me laugh, and I realized my life is worth living. Thank you so much for saving my life Gabbie, I love you so much. <3"																																				This video was amazing. I don't know how to ask for anything more in depth	 because there might not be more	 but if there is I'm so curious.																																		I'm going through this right now	 I cry myself to sleep because I think I'm fat																																			I absolutely love this video	 Gabbie!! it sucks you had to go through so much with eating disorders	 you're such an inspiration!! You don't look fat at all	 you look amazing!! ____																																	Gabbie go out with me babeee ! I love you																																				"I've struggled with anorexia for three years and found this amazingly inspirational. I've been in and out of treatment centers for my eating disorder recently, but this hit home for once in awhile. Gabby, I know how hard it is and I give you all the credit in the world to look at yourself and really think beyond the disorder. I wish I could realize, ""I'm just hungry"" or listen to people when they call me ""skinny"". You may not realize it, but you are so strong. Go you girl!!_"																																				I love Gabbie so much. She is so real and beautiful. Thank you for sharing your experience.																																				This really touched my heart and it made me cry. Thank you Gabby you have opened my eyes																																				The worst thing in the world is relating so deeply to a youtuber	 but you don't know how to talk to them. no matter how much you want to. I just wish I could have a conversation with you! Because I feel like we are friends but have no way to talk even though there are plenty of outlets! You are beautiful. And people openly speaking about their struggles	 is what makes me not feel alone. And makes me feel like I can't beat this. I love you Gabbie! Thank you for all you do. You're an inspiration and angel on earth. If you want to talk	 my twitter is katyxxxo. __																																	"thanks for posting this video gabbie, i can honestly relate to what you were saying; you helped me out alot thank you."																																				I love when you talk about serious things	 I think you have a lot of influence over young girls who are going thru the same things	 it's so noble of you to use your status as a platform to help others. Ps I would love to be your best friend __																																		Yes bitch u are amazing I believe in u and I wish I could hug you through the computer screen																																				this is VERY inspiring!!																																				Gabbie you're beautiful																																				Thank you Gabbie																																				Gabbie	 I'm so so so proud of you not only for helping yourself get through this struggle of yours but for entrusting and sharing with us something that overtook most of your life. I'm happy that you are gaining the confidence you should've always had because you are a beautiful human being inside and out. Love you lots and thanks for inspiring us.																																			Thank you so much for this video! Please make more about this topic and like this!__																																				Thank you Gabbie you made me look at my body better but when i was 10 i dive into a really deep depresstion and i felt so unwelcome to everyone and everything and this one day i saw these nice skinny girl they were like 12 to 13 and i was like i wish i was skinny like them so later that night i went into the bathroom took a long stare in the mirror and broke down in tears cause i was not skinny as them i droped to my knees and crawled to the toilet and made myself throw up and this one i was walking down the hall and everyone was stareing at me and i did't know what was going on so i just walk i lost my friends i lost everything i loved so this one time i was so hungey that i only ate a single pea and it felt like i was so full i made myself thin that and once again i saw skinny girls and they were wearing binkiies and i was like wow i wish i could wear one but i look in the mirror and said to myself still not enough puke again and people were noticeing seeing that i did't eat everyone was wispering so i move away as fast as i can and two days later people were making puking noies and i tryd not to cry but i did and these girls said i told you she was FAT and i did't care untill i got beatup but when i talked to someone i was feeling bettetr and eating better And I Wanna Thank Gabbie So Thank You <3																																				Thx gabbie that helped me with my struggle of me thinking that I was a fat ugly person but this video really taught me that gaining confidence is better than loosing weight																																				wow gab	 this is why you are my inspiration. love you__																																			I really don't see how she's had an eating disorder. She has a very healthy looking body. Unless this was many many years ago.																																				please more in depth ... thank you for this but I am struggling .. please thank you for posting this thank you																																				you're beautiful																																				Gabby	 This is an old saying: you aren't fat	 you have fat. You have hair but you aren't hair. :)																																		Thank you for making this video.																																				"Thank you for making this video. It helped me more than I expected. I would love a more detailed video about your eating disorder and how you didn't know you had one. My favorite line in this video was ""it's not about losing weight. It's about gaining confidence."" Love you gabbie__"																																				This made me cry																																				thank you for being brave and putting this on the Internet	 because not a lot of people are brave enough to do that. I am not the skinniest	 nor most fit person in the world	 and for basically my whole life I have believed that I was overweight	 when in reality I wasn't. back when I struggled with family problems and anxiety and depression	 I would look at my body in disgust thinking I was fat or ugly or both	 I would not eat anything except a piece of fruit or a few pretzels or whatever for quite a few days. I'm now finally in a place in my life where I am happy and the most confident I have ever been in my life	 and I'm not worried about my weight anymore and I finally feel somewhat comfortable in my own skin. thank you for posting this video Gabbie	 I may have never truly struggled with an eating disorder	 but I understand where you're coming from and admire how far you've come. love you and your videos__																											This video made me smile and cry...																																				Hey Gabbie! You couldn't have posted this at a better time. I'm going through basically the same thing right now	 and I didn't realize how much I needed to hear this. I actually noticed a knot in my throat when you explained the way you saw yourself	 because that's the way I see myself	 and I too think about my weight all day and everyday. It feels nice to know that someone you admire has gone through the same thing and had the strength to bring herself back up. Thank you so much for the inspiration.																																	ugh Gabby I love this																																				I love you Gabbie !!!!																																				whats the name of the song and the artist and this video is so beautiful Gabbie YOU'RE beautiful																																				I look at you and don't think that you have ever had a eating disorder. Now I am not saying that yourÊfat not at all. I'm saying that when you think of eatingÊ disorderÊ I think of superÊskinny. When I look at you I think of the words beautiful	 smart	 kind	 and funny.																																	Gabbie	 thank you for letting me know this part of you. You're amazing and beautiful and I'm so proud of how you're doing. <3																																			I'd really like to hear more about this. I can relate to it alot. stay strong __																																				"Absolutely love your videos Gabbie, especially this one! Please continue to do more videos like it! And always remember, you are beautiful both inside and out and you should be extremely proud of yourself. Thank you for doing what you do; we all love you so much __"																																				I actually met you at this filming thing when I was working as a PA. I got a pic with you but you looked super pretty and skinny and I was so intimidated by you. Hahaha. Still love your vids and this one also hit close to home because I've gone through the same.																																				______ love you gabs																																				I love when Gabbie is open about her struggles. I want her to make a more in depth video of her journey it would help so may people.																																				can i like this 7593762884 times because this is amazing																																				Whoever is reading this	 you're beautiful and you can do anything you set your mind on! Have a good day/night	 live it to the fullest. :)																																		well said	 well done	 I like the bit about your before shot being someone else's goal shot -click! I get it!																																		I have looked up to you tho because of the confidence you show. We are shaped the same and I've actually begun feeling more out there and good about myself after watching you.																																				thank you for made this video. I think you're gorgeous and I looked up at you as my body goal. but thanks to made me notice that I have to love my own skin and not look to be as a model but just be myself. I feel you when you said you've got call fat all your life that At one point you just assume you're Fat.. but thanks __																																				"I am 14 and I have had anorexia in the past. This actually brought me to tears it hit to close to home. I am a petite person and to other people I am small and thin. But I think everyone has times when they look at other people then back at themselves and compare and think ""I wish I looked like them"". But what you really need to do is look the the mirror and say "" I am beautiful and no number on the scale can define how beautiful i can be."""																																				gabb please talk about it in deatail and depth cuz some of us may be going thru that and it can help :)its helps because some people feel like there not alone																																				OMG thank you so much better oh just helped me my cousin and everyone says I'm skinny but I thought I was like super fat but I'm super skinny everyone wants me to eat more and I do but then I end up doing back handspring and I don't gain weight but know I know to gain weight and stop gymnastics thank you gabble so much ilysm																																				To be honest	 I could say that I wouldn't worry about my weight anymore	 but that would be a lie. I could say anything to make people feel good	 but I'm still gonna feel fat. Still going to have a low self esteem. And	 I'm probably still going to worry about the size of my jeans. Sorry	 but that's just how I am. I say it like it is	 not how others want me to. And	 that's what I know will happen	 even if this video made me think twice about myself	 and put a different perspective on my eyes.																											Omg gabbie this is so beautiful and so are you! It means a lot to everyone that you could trust us and tell us about your struggles. I love you so much and keep being the best you that you can be. Love you.																																				Gabby	 I don't know what to say I just well this is so amazing!!! My entire life I've thought that I'm this fat ugly girl and know one would ever like me. I've realized that I have an eating disorder	 I stopped eating basically everything except for an apple or a cracker now and then	 my meal is normally a glass of water	 and in only three weeks of doing this I lost 12 pounds I've gotten sick 3 times and I would binge and then eat absolutely nothing for the next few days. But after watching this and all of your videos	 I realized to love who you are and to be yourself. I don't have many friends at school or just in general but when I'm feeling depressed bc of that or something else I'd watch you vines/videos. Gabby	 you make me proud and happy to be me. Sorry for going on a rant but I just wanted to say in the end	 thank you!! Keep doing you																													I know it may be very vulnerable and even more personal than what you usually do	 but I would truly love to have a more in depth video to watch. Thank you	 Gabbie...more than you know.																																		"WE WILL CALL IT THE "" WLG PROGRAM"" ( WE LOVE GABBIE PROGRAM)"																																				Thank you for sharing with us Gabbie! I would love to hear your story in depth	 you have helped so many people.																																			what's the app called																																				My mom and sister call me fat mostly my sister and it's really got to me and I don't eat as much as I used to and if I eat a lot I feel like I'm going to throw up but this video is going to help me and make me try to get through it																																				You are so brave. Thank you for sharing your story Gab ________																																				"As my paternal grandfather would say, ""Be who you is, not who you ain't."""																																				I think everybody needs to watch this	 thank you. This actually helped me with how I have been feeling. You are not fat	 keep on fighting!																																		good job gabby keep it up.																																				________________________________________________________________________________________________																																				Watching this my respect grew even more for u gabbie____																																				This is really eye opening and inspiring																																				I kept criticizing my body so harshly I went into depression	 and I had a slight eating disorder. I used to starve myself and eat less than I actually did. On my birthday	 I cried a whole lot and accepted who I was. I accepted that I was a slightly chubby but happy girl and realized that I shouldn't take the shortcut to lose weight and hurt my body in the process. It's been a few months now	 I've lost fat and gained muscle	 resulting in me gaining a bit more weight	 but I know that it isn't the fat that I was basically obsessed with getting rid of. For the people who are also suffering with eating disorders and depression (the cause being your physical appearance/weight)	 I hoped this helped in a way... I don't know	 this video has made me feel much better about my body.																													Don't worry! Channel your anxiety with something u love. I have anxiety problems too. I channel it through medetation. What I'm trying to say is that whatever your going through	 u can make it!____																																			I know this is Lame comment but when I first saw u I said wow she so pretty and I want to look just a like her ur body Is fuking beautiful be proud I'm only 11 and I can see ur beauty																																				"Love you beautiful! Keep being you! ""You"" is amazing!"																																				______																																				I love you so much Gabbie. I'd love to meet you some day. You make me feel happy. Your personality is makes me happy. Because of your videos I am more comfortable with my body around guys and girls. Thank you so much Gabbie. I'd love to learn more about you! You are amazing. Luv yah girl__																																				Just stop making fun of gabbie she is a very perfect woman and she should not be made fun of by the way she looks for that matter she should not be made fun of at in fact no one should bc u don't know it but it hurts the person and their personality																																				Thank you	 Gabbie.... Resently I have discovered I have a eating disorder and Im working on getting throught it with the help of my therapist. Your story in similar to mine and I camt tell you how much your words mean to me. Ive looked up to you for such a long time and this trully makes me want to work harder on being more healthy and happy in my own skin... I love you	 Gabbie. And I hope someday I can say I made it	 just like you. __																																	You should go vegan!																																				Youre beautiful Gab _																																				Love you gabs __																																				Gabby	 I'm not gonna lie	 you're seriously so pretty it makes me jealous. Screw the haters. You're perfect the way you are ______																																		amen gabbie . thank you so much for making this video. many people don't understand about eating disorders. i have suffered with it my whole life. still battling it but I'm slowly getting better.																																				you are beautiful!no matter what we are all here for you																																				Thank you so much for this!!!!!!!																																				Every time I see your videos or vlogs I always wish to have your body. It's actually quite amazing. Perfect hour glass figure. Keep being perfect gabby. <3																																				2200 calories a day is the ideal amount I'm pretty sure.																																				Wow it's like she's me																																				I struggled from bulimia. Purple hearts gab.																																				i am eating while i watch this. I'm not sure how to feel about this.																																				Gabbie watching this is just wow I can't believe that you think your FAT I mean wow. Gabbie I'm very skinny and I am trying to put on waight and and your body is goals skinny people may look like goals but just being who your really are is goals never EVER think your fat and all you bitches picking on my	 I mean our gabbie you are probably having a really bad life and hating one people including gabbie is not cool rethink your who life haters.																																			I love you Gabbs__ Thanks for making me feel less alone.																																				Your beautiful :)																																				I love you. you are beautiful. you are important. you are you Gabriel Hanna and Gabriel hanna is the best Gabriel hanna in the world. I love you and I will always will.																																				You are a beautiful woman never tell your self anything els you have inspired me and so many other people throw all your videos your are not fat at all !!!!!! I wake up every single morning excited about watching your amazing videos. Don't think any different or any less love luca.																																				The end card ____																																				People telling u ur fat Me : DAVIDDDDD																																				Honestly	 you body is goals	 like it's healthy and beautiful! :)																																		"Gabbie said to compliment someone who could use a smile; Hello comment section, did you know you have an amazing smile, and you're very pretty, have a wonderful day gorgeous<3"																																				Gabs I'm going to cry																																				"Thank you +The Gabbie Show so much for this! I have struggled the same way, and used to do the same exact things. Not swallowing my food, nearly blacking out. At 25 years old, I still don't have the healthiest relationship with food, but it gets better, once the disorder is acknowledged. Btw to anyone calling you ""fat"" or anything like that..fuck them. You look amazing and you are beautiful! __"																																				Hopefully you know your funny videos make everyone laugh but your serious videos are changing lives	 you should definitely make more of them																																			I love you Gabs never stop being you (yes	 a cliche but they're cliches for a reason)																																			thank you so much for this video. I can relate to this alot. I went through depression and basically became obsessed over my weight. I was borderline obese for my age. I stopped eating	 skipping every meal	 and became anorexic. I may be a guy but anorexia isn't only a girl thing. I never told anyone	 not even a parent when I wish I did. now everyday since I struggle to eat. I hate eating	 I feel gross digesting food. I'm getting better but I still have a journey. I finally have real friends that are there to support me. I have had many other big problems in my life. But I just want to thank you for this	 I really needed it especially after this week. I love lmall your videos and I hope you the best. _																															I am about to cry																																				It's wonderful to see how far you have come with it. I hope you see the beauty in yourself that others do.																																				Gabbie you are so inspiring	 I've gone through similar eating disorders where I would work out from the time I woke up to the time I went to sleep and only drake water and ate bread. It's tough to get past it	 but I believe in you and you're perfect __																																		Gab	 thank you. It was so hard for me to come to terms with my eating disorder	 because I was always told only skinny girls had eating disorders	 & I didn't see myself as skinny. This video put so many things into perspective for me. You are changing lives																																	Thank you for this Gabbie <3																																				You're Gorgeous!! Nose	 Ass	 and All																																		I love you so much Gabbie __ you're so inspirational and beautiful. You make my days better!																																				I think I'm going through the same thing but I just turned 11 but I'm just trying to eat less and only eat when I'm hungry but I just gained weight																																				Gabbie. I love you so much. You made me realize so much from this single video. I even cried because I realized how right you are. I love you. You are beautiful. You may not think it but you are!! You always show me how to open my eyes bigger and bigger with each little thing you do. You go gab. Thank you.																																				Hey Gabbie Ik ur not gonna see this but this video is like my life I have had an eating disorder and I stopped eating and now I have countless health problems and I lost nothing but good health																																				you are fat tho..................É.........................................................É......................................................É......................................................É......................................................É....................................jk love you gabbie__________																																				Hey At Least You Had A Social Life... I Wonder What It's Like To Have One Of Those...																																				YESSSSSS PREACH GABBIE!!!!!!!!!!!! YOU'RE SO INSPIRATIONAL!!! THANK YOU																																				Gabbie you are inspiring to me and many others	 please never change you're beautiful	 loving	 and so true to your fans<3																																	I want to know more detailed video																																				"throughout my life people told me that i was fat, even my own family members did too. i would starve myself a lot. i wouldn't eat up till 3 days. I played softball, so it helped me lose weight a lot, so sometimes when i have a practice i wouldn't eat for the entire day and just go to practice and sweat all those extra ""calories"" and i know that it's really bad. i cried so much during this video. i never realized that i had one since now. At the lunch table my friends thought that a guy who hurt me caused me to starve myself. At one point i actually searched up on google, how long can u go without eating food before death. i have to admit that i thought about suicide a lot. i don't have anyone really to go to. i really didn't want anyone to worry about me. i just realized that starving yourself doesn't make you lose any weight, ur body is eating itself. Thank you gabbie for helping me realize this."																																				You're amazing Gabbie																																				I just want you to know that I think you are beautiful and really inspirational<3																																				GabbiEEE I CRIED SO HARD ITS MIDNIGHT AND IM SOBBING THIS VIDEO IS JUST B <DHHLBksLIBHKS THE ENDING GABBIE MY EMOTIOns																																				We're here for you and gabby																																				good job gab	 love u <3																																			Awe gabbie__																																				are you still dateing Shane Dawson																																				______																																				you're beautiful																																				Gabbie	 I've been through all of the things you've been through and It's a hard thing to realize about yourself. I'm 18 now and I'm just now realizing that I am more than I ever thought I was and that I am not the fat pig that some people have told me I am. When you look in the mirror	 you loving yourself matters more than anyone else loving you and Its much easier on the body to build yourself up then to tear yourself down.																																		I've been struggling too lately. Fasting when I'm alone	 not eating as much	 sleeping for long periods of time and drinking. Today I finally told myself fuck it and going cold turkey with the alcohol and exercise more.																																		Gabbie	 this is such a sweet	 honest video. You are perfect just the way you are__																																		what you ate live goldfish?																																				u should never let anyone say that your fat. u should just be who you r. love u and your show.																																				Love ya!																																				to all the hate comments: GABBIE. IS. NOT. FAT. I'm sorry but it annoys me how much people feel the need to post stupid comments like why tf would you waste your time posting like 6 words when you could just aCTUALLY WATCH THE VIDEO AND LISTEN TO WHAT SHE SAYS. Gabbie is beautiful and healthy. the end.																																				gabbie plz don't believe the haters...so just stop and listen (or read) YOU ARE YOU AND YOU IS BEAUTIFUL all of God's creatures are beautiful and that even means you	 luv ya gabbie stay humble __																																			You are in no way fat you are beautiful the way you are______																																				Gabbie I know u think your big but u are really not and anybody who says your fat is the fact that they hate them selves in some way																																				OMG!! One of The Best videos ever!! Love you Gabbiee!!__ You inspire us to be Ourselves and to shine brightly!!																																				thank you for this!!!!!																																				I can't even begin to express how much I relate to her story the only issue is that I'm still battle and unlike her I do want to die... and no one gets it accept gabbie																																				I really see Gabbie as a role model because I've always been the smart girl. so I made some friends that wore like size 0 jeans and I was wearing like size 6 and I would always notice that they got more guys to look at them and they had more dates and I only had one guy and he was and is my best friend. then I saw Gabbie and saw that she wasn't a size 0 in pants and she was funny and nice and seemed really happy. so I really thought to myself like if she can have fun wearing jeans bigger than size 2 than I can be happy in my size 8 jeans. And I am very happy with me now	 so thank you Gabbie																																			my eyes were watering through out the vid	 and the end song made me lose it. :'( I love you so much Gabbie	 every video you put out just makes me love you all the more. You are my greatest inspiration. <3 <3																																		The people that call you fat are probably someone who belongs on the tv show my 600 pound life. You are beautiful in every way. _____																																				I'm crying	 I'm 14 and I've always worried about my body... Coming from my family of women with big thighs and hips I've always worried about that.. I tried eating disorders I've tried but I guess I just love food too much.. Recently I've been letting go of all the fatty food moving from Slovenia a small country in Europe to America was a big step in my life.. I've realised I'm allergic to corn starch which living Ohio is not a good thing so I spent my first school year in America literally eating fruits and salads And eating healthy and making myself smoothies in the morning cos I was allergic to pop tarts.. I used to care every day what are the others going to think of me of me. eating healthy not eating gigantic portion but good for you sizes of food with a good balance of foods. And I'm happy well I'm getting there I'm slowly accepting myself. THIS video means so much to me everything you said.. Thank you for this ____																																			All my friends are skinny and I'm in between fat and skinny and I've always tried to cover my stomach because of people judging me																																				You should go more in depth about your eating disorder																																				"gabbie, this was the best ed ""story"" ive seen on youtube. so uplifting and positive. I have had an ed my whole life, i can say im ""recovered"" now. I was in and out of hospital through out high school. eating to the point of feeling like my stomach would burst then either taking laxitives or purging or eating one apple and a smoothie a day or nothing. taking 10-20 hours of dance a week just to shead the ""fat'. an eating disorder is a crazy evil voice. iam a true beliver that an eating disorder is for life it will come and go but its allways there you just have to fight through the days, weeks or months that are hard. you are so raw are real, keep doing you and fighting that voice in your head! keep fighting everyone!"																																				We love you Gabs																																				Who ever disliked this is just plain wrong, stop going out of your way to ruin someone's life, you wouldn't want someone doing that to you. Gabbie is beautiful.																																				Thanks for posting this Gabbie! I have anxiety and depression	 I do wish I was thinner but my anxiety does revolve around that. However there is that one thing that my anxiety does revolve around and it holds me back from many things! I need your strength.. ____ hope you are really proud of yourself	 it's not easy!!!!																																		Gabbie I think you're beautiful no matter how you look! _																																				This made me cry. This is so inspirational. I love you gabbie!!!																																				Gabbie...this is AMAZING. Thank you so much for sharing. I've never had an eating disorder	 but I am not happy with my body for the most part. I think this was such a great thing for me	 and so many others to hear. I know you're going to get the trolls and haters that diss on your body	 but you have to know that I think that you are gorgeous and your body is honestly so beautiful	 and it makes me so sad that you've struggled with this. It's absolute hell to not be comfortable in your own skin. I'm glad that you're on a better path to loving yourself. Thanks again for sharing	 and screw people who say otherwise. I don't know why people have to be so mean.																															Sometimes people are oblivious to eating disorders and it's actually very scary. I was oblivious to it as well, I developed an eating disorder due to medication I was on , which is adderal. And adderal surpresses your appetite for a very long time, and I started to loose weight rapidly. I went from a size 13 to a size 0 in less than six months. And I was unaware of it because I felt good when I didn't eat, until my mom started to notice how much weight I've lost and I started to get very sick frequently and I was very weak. I starved myself a lot but it was something I was able to handle, but to be honest, I never was insecure of my body weight, but ever since I've started to starve myself I've grown a dislike towards my body. I was never one to look in the mirror and say ew I'm fat. But after I developed this eating disorder, I'm a lot thinner than I was, and I'm not comfortable with my body. It's a healing process, and I hope you're not hard on yourself anymore.____																																				Gab you are gorgeous I love you and Thankyou for sharing this I needed this__																																				your body is really HOT																																				I have that now the whole I can't swallow foods... Like I'll be starving but I can't eat and if I try too.. I'll spit out and I can't control it.. It sucks a lot so I understand your pain Gab <3																																				Thank you for making this. I am 12	 almost 13	 and I do(apparently) obsess over how many calories I'm I taking and how much I can loose or to aspire to be like some of these celebrities like Kylie Jenner and Taylor Swift. Last week	 I was away with some family	 away from my parents and they told me I didn't eat a lot. I thought I had eaten a lot	 but really I was over calculating it. I play softball	 have been for my entire life	 but I really noticed this season that I was over weight. At one point I was 130+ in a 5'2-5'1 frame. I've lost about 15 pounds	 but I gained it all back that season	 even though I was practicing for over two hours	 running at least five times around a baseball field	 sometimes eleven times. I obsessed over calories and how many calories I was I taking more than I am now even after this season	 eating only 800 cals a day	 1000 at the most	 but working at least 300 cals a day from practice and home workouts. My mom told me that all the weight I had gained back that season	 was muscle. I didn't believe her and continued to work towards loosing enough to be that 90 pounds I was in 5th grade. I ate to much then	 but I now want to go back at my age and heighth. I went from a 5 to a 2 in 4 months. I'm still not happy	 but I feel better. I do have a gut that kinda pokes out	 but that's what I'm working towards getting rid of. In 2015	 I was told I had a minor depression by a doctor and was told that if I don't stop this madness that I will get a worse state of depression.																	Focus on your health	 not your weight...that right there is my ah ha moment. Thank you for the inspiring words.																																			She was wearing to much makeup in this vid...................when she doesn't even need it																																				I know you'll probably not see this but all these girls look up to like Taylor swift and Selena Gomez I look up to you and I wish I had your confidence and strength !! Love you so much																																				your so strong	 beautiful	 and a ray of sunshine.																																		<3																																				This video made me cry... I know how you feel because I've been there	 I'm still working through it...and it's hard to watch you talk about feeling that way.																																			You are so human Gabbie	 and I love that about you:)																																			Look Gabbie your amazing	smart	cool	so freakin funny	awesome	SO PRETTY! your not fat at all those people that call you fat they don't know the definition of fat ok. your videos are so funny and your a HUGE inspiration to me and you will always be! So just be confident about yourself!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! I LOVE YOU SO MUCH<3 bye!																															You are so beautiful	 you sweet thing. Every laugh you did to lighten the mood broke my heart	 but I'm so proud of you for making this. Thank you for being transparent and genuine	 as always.																																	You are so beautiful and I'm so proud.																																				Ive never compared myself to others body wise.... i just look at the scale and cringe at the 230lbs reading.... .. Hell even in high school i cringed at the 205 reading.......																																				TBH gabby has the most perfect body...not to fat	 and not to skinny :) I wish I had her body																																			I love you																																				Gabbie I have an eating disorder and in only 14 this video has inspired me to know that I can make a difference for myself thankyou for sharing your story and hopefully someday I will be able to share mine. You are perfect and u helped me realize that I should love myself but work on me too. Thank you																																				NO WORDS TO DESCRIBE THIS VIDEO PERFECT YOUR ARE AN INSPIRATION FOR EVERYONE WHO IS TRYING TO GET CONFIDENT WITH THEIR IMAGE LOVE YOU GAB																																				this video just hit me hard i started tearing up well i'm not fat i weight 38 kg but because i'm short my body shape dosen't look good at all so i literally starve myself for days and live on water and working out																																				You are so beautiful the way u are everyone that feels that there not pretty because there fat or anything ur pretty the way u are remember be happy with life and u will have the best ____________________________________________																																				you're so beautiful Gabby I'm so proud you were able to get passed all of this and find happiness.																																				______																																				"To all you dislikers "" How Dare You """																																				This made me very very happy. I hope you're truly happy too	 you helped people with his video.																																			Gabbie	 that's so brave of you to make this. I can feel he same way... And I wake up and think about ways to loose wait a lot...																																			I had to pause this video at 3:00 min and after all these problems that you had after u have done all this you work out you are awesome! I know that you won't see this but if u do i just want u to know you still have those fans that look up to you and your anxiety is good nobody is perfect who know you could have something better then anyone and sorry if you said this but I paused this so sorry... But ILY so much																																				The song at the end tho																																				I think that a fuller video on your journey could help lots of people. if you feel comfortable doing a fuller video	 I think you should																																			Gabbie I wanna know the details if you can																																				This is video is everything. I went through something very similar	 and it took years of therapy to realize	 thank you for sharing	 ____.																																	gabbie you have been such an inspiration to me I love serious videos and I would love for you to make another part to this video love you lots and always here for you																																				So proud of you I love you and you go girl																																				who ever reads this I want you to know that your beautiful and I hope your day is filled with immense joy. __																																				Gabbie this was really amazing you are very beautiful inside and out and I'd love to know more about your life not just on what you post on youtube I lysm and fat you are not fat you are healthy and curvy and skinny and beautiful love you																																				This made me cry cause i have always been self conscious about my weight. I have been told that I was fat by my family and friends numerous times. And it really hurt when this boy went up to me and said I looked like I was pregnant following him slapping my stomach. And this made me kinda feel better about myself so thank you gabbi for sharing part of your story with us.																																				______________																																				g																																				Freelee where you at?																																				I am so sorry	 but I am happy you are getting over this. You are so pretty love u __.																																			Gabbie I am so glad you got over that face of your life .you are one of my top two role models and i am really glad you are cause you are an amazing women .just as amazing I cuncider you I bet other people do too __																																				Hands down this is one of the best videos on your channel! So glad you made this																																				____________ all of the love to you gabbie!! __________________________________________________																																				More depth please gab																																				Gabbie you are so beautiful. And to all of those thousands of people calling you fat its not true. They think by making fun of other people it will make them feel better about their insecurities. Don't listen to them. You're amazing.																																				Idc if you're fat or not... ily Gabbie!! <3																																				Gabbie gives me life																																				Damn. Her making a video of her aha moment gave me an aha moment. It's true. Comparing yourself to other people is the easiest way to kill happiness. I mean, people always say to never compare yourself or your life to other's, but, I don't know. I guess it never really stuck with me until now. Gabbie, you truly are something special __ #GoUnderdogs __																																				I really needed to hear this :') love you Gabs __																																				What's the outro song _____																																				Hi Gabbie. I love that you've found the strength to tell us about such a hardship in your life. I can't relate directly	 but I have a very close friend that does struggle with a similar disorder. I don't quite understand the feeling of being at such a loss to limit eating	 so I would like to hear a lil more in depth of your story as you subtitled it @2:40. Of course you don't HAVE to	 but I am fairly curious. Proud of you <3																																	Thank you so much for uploading this it was really inspiring and please do another video explaining your eating disorder more in depth ily!																																				I'm going through the same thing as you right now gabbie this video helped me Sooooo much thanks <3																																				"I would put on a bikini and look down and see fat on my stomach I read a post that that ""fat"" was your organs how you live I've been working out and eating! Not starving and trying not to eat But this video really helped me Thank you Gab this was a huge step in the right direction Ilysm Gabbie ____"																																				for the last year I've been struggling with severe anorexia. it got to the point where I was about to have a heart attack. it's been hard but I hope others can get through it too! <3																																				i love u gabbie!! you're such a beautiful person !! please stay strong alright 	 u can do this :)																																			Love you Gabs!! I support you so much and I'm proud that you are getting better and I'm so proud you had the courage to upload this! Good luck on your road to recovery and health :)																																				No matter how big or overweight you are	 you still are beautiful and no one can tell you your not. Someone will see you as big or small or too skinny or too tall but that doesn't make you not beautiful. If you see yourself in the mirror you will see someone beautiful. If someone calls you to big or anything that doesn't mean you hurt yourself or not eat at all and cause yourself pain. See yourself as beautiful	 not what others see you as.																																		Gabbie you are such a beautiful human being! Thank you so much for sharing your story...you are such an inspiration!!! I LOVE YOU __																																				this video actually made me cry	 I love you gabbie																																			Make a video about the specifics/details I'm sure it'll help others who may relate!!!																																				I'm watching this at 11:10 pm EST i just finished crying about my life and how I'm so much bigger than the other girls in my grade. 5:45-6:13 in this video hit me. comparison has caused me to almost cut myslef so many timesÉ i only didn't is because two reasons: 1. my friend keeps telling me people care about me (and I know this i just don't feel it) 2. I'm afraid to do itÉ i feel weak this video hit me so hard and I'm only 13. thank you gabbie. don't listen to the haters that say those mean things. they might say thatÉ but their only digging a bigger hole for themselves later on in their life. thanks gabbie!																																				I have an eating disorder and this video helped me so much thanks gabbie <3																																				__																																				I think you are perfect																																				I love this. It helped me realize so many things. Thank you gab.																																				We all love you and honestly	 if I was in my BMI range at an adult	 I could only WISH I was as skinny as you.																																		"When I started 7 grade I was going through a lot of bullying, depression, and suicide etc. And I was also starting to become self-conscious about everything about me but, I was more self-conscious about my body. So I went to school one day and almost every girl's body was so thin! So I just started staring at girls during classes and passing period(not being creepy though) and thought, ""Why wasn't I born with a body like that?"" So I just tried to eat more healthier (less candy, soda, chips and more veggies and fruit) I have done that for 3 months and the weight scale was not going down like I wanted it to, I did not see an healthy body, only a stupid muffin top and thick legs... So I couldn't take it anymore and started not eating and whenever I'd have to eat, I would purge it out, I've done it so much whenever I ate food I feel like vomiting. I hate myself and my body so much it led to self- harm, my friend relationships turning into crap, and me feeling absolutely awful. Right now I am currently recovering from bullimia and anorexia while my friends and my mom being by my side. This video made me feel better than ever and I'd like to thank you to make me realize that you don't have to be perfect to be beautiful!:)____"																																				I don't know why ppl call u fat because you're not 'model' skinny or of course fat you're perfectly in the middle and whether you were 'really fat' that doesn't mean your personality is shit and if you super skinny doesn't mean you're personality is great either anyway all im trying to say is because your appearance is 'bad' does not mean that you have a shit personality and that ppl should only judge you by it not ur appearance																																				You're skinny with a big butt and that is what I want in life																																				Awe this is inspiring and i know alot of people go through this but like you said love your self and your body and i think you look beautiful Gabbie and you are an amazing person and just know you can be the best you be and you are unique in yoir own way and just know i dont care who you look like just that you look pretty to me! p.s. i think you are so funny and awsome and i love watching your videos and vlogs																																				Hey Gabby, You're hysterical and and inspiration. If you could make a video about you anxiety struggle, that would be great. I'm struggling with anxiety as well, and I think it would be great to hear someone influential like you talk about it. Thanks__																																				the video helped me really good im 12 and i have a eating disorder and you are so insprirational and i hate looking at myself but i just have to excersive i__ yo																																				I'm so sorry	 I love you and youve probly (idk how to spell) help alot of people!																																			Gabbie	 i think you are sososososo beautiful. ever sense i have seen your channel i have thought you were pretty. who gives to shits what other people think about your body. if your comfortable in it	 thick or thin	 you rock it girl																																	We love you so much Gabbie <333																																				"Gabbie despite what any one says you are not ""fat"" you are Gabbie:)"																																				im crying																																				Thank you. Just simply thank you_																																				________																																				"Gabbie, thank you SOOOOOO much for this video.I've always been worried about how much I weigh, what people think of me but I shouldn't have to worry about that (for my age I shouldn't) but I do. I would always look around my classroom during the school year and see how skinny my classmates are and I would think to myself ""I wish I was that thin"". and try to lose weight but I could never commit to it. so I stopped trying. when I see videos like this I relies I shouldn't care what people think! I should just be confidant in myself. once again thank you"																																				I love you																																				Can someone help me. I always thought of myself as	 not fat	 but I guess chubby. Everyone's always telling me that I'm super skinny but I feel like my shirts hide that fat	 and when I take off my shirt	 I feel plump. I'm about 5 feet	 about 80 lbs	 and 12 years old.																														"I would love to hear more !! and the haters are just ganna hate and you don't need to listen to them !! you not fat no one is fat everyone is perfect just the way they are and u may not see this but this is for anyone (Gay straight or bisexual )who is reading this not just Gabbie so to people reading this stop saying your to fat you not fat your perfect who cares if your scared to wear a bathing suit in front of your friends cause your ""to fat "" your not fat your perfect and if u think your friends will call u fat and or they do call u fat then there just bad friends or you chose the wrong friends anyways just be yourself nothing will be bad Always stay humble and kind ________"																																				Gabbie I love you so much	 you are so brave and Amazing!!! __																																			Don't be scared gab your internet fam is here for you and this was a lovely story and if there are people who don't like your more serious videos then they are not real fans. Fans care about the creator of the content and I enjoy your videos whether they are funny or serious. PLEASE ignore the hate they are pathetic people who are miserable with themselves you know that...I dont have to tell you but keep doin you girl! Glad you are on your way to a happy and HEALTHY recovery sending all my love :)																																				"A few years ago (I'm currently 13, almost 14) people would always tell me I eat like a bird because I didn't like to eat in front of people, then I slowly started realizing that I was eating more and more. It got so bad (and it is still a problem today) that I'd sometimes force myself to eat whenever I wasn't hungry just because I was bored, sad, or lonely.. Or I would often eat so much that I wouldn't eat for 3+ days due to my appetite just being completely gone and I didn't know why or how. The weird part of it all is that I never gain any weight. I'd gain like 2 pounds, and in about a week, I'd lose 1-3 pounds. It's kind of a cycle that keeps repeating. I tell myself not to eat so much or I'll keep hurting myself, (meaning that my stomach would keep hurting, and eventually my upset stomach would lead to me vomiting at 3 am or me having horrible diarrhea) then I'd eat and eat, and I'd either get sick, vomit, have an upset stomach for hours, or get diarrhea. My mom would even take food away from me when I was simply trying to eat something small like a cookie, which would piss me off, then she wouldn't let me eat ""junk"" for the rest of the day, and that made me lose my appetite, and I wouldn't eat for days. Then it repeats. (Most of the time when someone tells me not to eat something, I end up being so hungry that I eat it...) But anyways, I still have this problem. I just don't know how to fix it, because when I do lower my eating to something more normal, I get really emotional or something just happens, then I eat uncontrollably. Leading to me hating myself for it."																																				____________________																																				If you had a eating disorder why are you the same size?																																				Gabbie you are beautiful I hope that people can help you get over some of your monsters that may control you and make you think differently of your self but just remember we love you and never want you to hurt we are here for you and will always try our hardest to make you smile and if you ever need anything let me know even though I'm just another small subscriber to your channel one little person can make a big difference but again we all love you and will help you ~Love just another subscriber...Brandy.																																				you are not fat gabbie dont listen to what anyone says even if one or two people say youre fat there will always be all of us to pick you back up again and all of us to show you that you are perfect just the way you are. And that is what the showstoppers are here for to love you	 to always be there for you	 and to remind you that no matter what anyone says or ever has said	 you dont need to change a single thing about yourself you were perfect the way you were before you lost weight and you are perfect the way you are now. i love you so much and if you ever need anyone to talk to just upload something that you need to get off youre chest and we will be here to comment and lighten your day. We all love you gabbs!!!!																																	Your brave act of posting this will help many people. <3																																				Gabbs you're so beautiful. watching this s few minutes in thinking that. You're one amazing soul and I love your energy. I'd do anything to look like you and have such a great personality. You're definitely 90% of why I go on youtube. thanks for making me laugh and motivation me just by being yourself. ily dude!																																				I know this is a serious topic but when she said she ate some goldfish I was actually mortified for a bit until she said those cracker things cause we dont have those in new zealand ahahhaha																																				I love you																																				Fannie --> gabbie sorry auto correct __																																				Thank you for making this video I have a problem with comparing myself to others. Because I always wanted to be muscular and lean I used to do an hour of cardio on an empty stomach to lose weight. I have six pack abs and I still think I am fat because they are not super defined. You may not see it but thank you.																																				this made me feel a lot better about myself. ily Gabbie__																																				that sunburn tho																																				I was diagnosed with anorexia-nervosa at the age of 14. It was determined that it started at the age of 12... throughout the last 5 years I have graduated therapy and earned the title 'recovered' 3 times. But I am at a place in life where I can handle it and where I am still fighting	 and honestly Gabbie has been one of my biggest role models fighting this. She is always positive and always smiling. I can turn to her on a bad day to laugh and smile. Thank you Gabbie... for all of the inspiration that you have given me																																			you are my goals photo. i love you.																																				"""It's not about losing weight it's about gaining confidence"" say it again for everyone to hear"																																				I love gabbie	 she is so inspiring and this video is so amazing! ________																																			I've never been more inspired in my life	 I'm only 13 and everything bad that's happening to her is happening to me	 this video is a start to my new beginning	 thanks so much gabby! I'm literally crying.																																	Gab is listen to me you are perfect the way you are you don't need anybody tell you need to be skinny I have all ways told myself I was fat to wish to be the skinny girls but know I realize I don't need people criticize of how I look I just have to say I am beautiful an any natural but not only to Fannie but to all other people if you believe you not in shape	 beautiful	 or talent INGORE IT!!!!! Except who you are because you are beautiful no matter what _______																																		also	 gabbie	 you are NOT fat																																		I really needed this thanks Gabbie I have suffered from an eating disorder for over a year now and due to it I have developed hypoglycemia which is probably the only reason that I now eat more to prevent me from being hospitalized or going in to a coma knowing that some one else understands the struggle with weight and eating is so helpful and your story has really hit home you are the best thank you so much Gabbie.																																				wow	 you're simply an amazing person!																																			I would like a more in detail video if you comfortable with that gabbie <3																																				Gabby you are so beautiful and perfect. Keep going healthy. Ignore these nasty hate comments because they have a crappy life and cant do anything but watch you and be so jealous of how incredibly amazing you are. Love you SOOOOOOOO MUCH GABBY ______________________________________																																				"to anyone who is struggling: tell someone. that is my best advice to you. I know that you're probably saying ""but they're gonna judge me"" or ""I can't,"" but I can say that my worst days after therapy are so much happier than my best days were before I got help. you can get help. just tell someone, and don't say I don't understand, because I do. If you're reading this, just please, I beg of you, tell someone, anyone. I hope this helped :)"																																				I'm really enjoying her more serious videos. She has a really good way of explaining things to make them easier to understand and has good lessons and points.																																				Throughout 6th grade I thought I was really fat (even though I'm actually skinny) so I wouldn't allow myself to eat more then one meal a day, sometimes I wouldn't eat at all. I guess i was anorexic or something. Even now I find it hard to eat an average amount of food. But this was really inspiring, thank you																																				"I think you did a good job on this video. I think a lot of people will listen to what you have to say cause they're so many people in the world who go through the same thing you are going through or worst. Glad you were able to talk about it!! This is really random but the song ""scars to your beautiful"" by Alessia cars basically describes how insecure people can be and I thought of this song while watching this video. K bye. ily"																																				ur not fat gabbie ur great I'm a boy and I want ur body shape																																				___ Much love.																																				thank you. thank you for this video, thank you for saying this. I only recently realized the way I was living was an actual eating disorder, and it hit me really hard. it actually got worse once I realized, tbh. I'm a lot better about it now, but hearing someone talk about their own struggles, knowing youre not alone, thats really important. and you help with that. so thank you, again. we love you.																																				Gabbie thank you so much for post this. I'm crying just watching this because I can relate so much right now in my life. And I wish I had someone that understands and here you are.																																				This is amazing!! I've been suffering from anorexia for about 1.5 years and it's been really hard. I'm glad to know that a lot of people can move past it. I'd love to hear more about your story:)																																				you're amazing.																																				I'm so happy that you made this video and shared with so many people your struggles I'm so proud of you and everything you've accomplished	 love you Gabbie _																																			Nothing to do w/this video but does anyone know why my friends keep tagging me in her posts on Instagram saying weird stuff? __																																				"i related to this so much. Since i was like 12 i have always been so anxious about eating and gone days without eating after i would eat something ""unhealthy"" and i still do even though i hate it. and gabbie i have always thought you were body goals, im not just saying this to be nice i truly truly mean it. Even before i really knew who you were or watched you videos/vines i would see a picture or video of you once in a while and just think ""goals, goals that is exactly what i want to look like"". and i still think that but i love you gabbie and i would love if you would go more in depth with your journey <3"																																				'It's not about losing weight	 it's about gaining confidence'. This was powerful. Thank you for sharing																																			Gabbie i want to say that this is truly amazing. You've probably spoken for so many people that don't know most of what's going on. I didn't. This made me realize that i really need to watch the things i eat because in reality i eat a lot and i mean A LOT of fat food. Not much of healthy food. This spoke to me. I want to give you a BIG thanks for just speaking about it and everything else. Your pretty much an idol to me. Thank you so so so so much Gabbie!! Much love!________																																				we love you gabby don't forget that!																																				Can you make a video/blog during one of your training sessions with Mac? I seriously love your videos and I'm really interested in how you got healthy	 I am truly struggling																																			are you and strictly together																																				You're so gorgeous!																																				You are beautiful Gabbie! Thank you for sharing your story I am going through some tough stuff right now and this really helped so thank you for everything!																																				Your body is my goal body. You are beautiful inside and out.<3																																				I would love a more in depth video about your story. I have struggled with eating disorders and would love to hear a story I could relate to that could maybe help me in my recovery. It really is so brave of you to come out about this kind of scary story. __ thank you																																				Do a more in depth video!																																				I fortunately don't personally know what this feels like but my sister was recently diagnosed with anorexia. I showed her this and this has really helped her. Thank you	 this was powerful.																																			Why would you EVER tell someone they are fat?																																				Hey Guys!	 Please check out my 4 latest youtube videos of the Formation world tour that I took. The 4 videos are the opening	 I mean I have more videos of the tour but I'll be posting every week on a tuesday or friday with different performances that the queen did! lol	 Anyways	 Again please check them out and if you'd enjoy them please like and comment. And if you want to see more please Subscribe! Thank you!																																dont worry i have a eating disorder anyone else																																				you really inspired me and the rest of us!! #teamunderdogs!!!!!!																																				GOSH girl. Stay real. This is amazing. And I'm proud of YOU																																				You're beautiful just the way you are!																																				Her cheeks hurt my eyes																																				you inspire me so much because I have a eating disorder and I consider myself fat thank you	 thank you for being you__																																			Awe Gab __ I love you ______																																				You are amazing!! You go gabby																																				U are not fat at ALL !!!! U are just thick and that's ok !! U are beautiful in every way thank you for giving me a new perspective on things !! Keep making videos!! Luv u __																																				<3																																				This just shows how much a nice compliment can empower a person																																				It really hurts me to know that you struggle with that Gabb....you make me smile so much and laugh even when I'm really down and to think of you feeling like that really kind of breaks my heart.																																				Not the right time	 but you look like 1-night stand material.																																			This video changed my life! Thank you so much____																																				Well... I've binge all day...																																				"I honestly love this,I suffer from the same thing,even though its hurt me,I try my best not to show it.""Your before photo can be someones goal photo"" Fucking love it Gabs,thank you so much,you are an inspiration,the reason Im trying to start a YouTube channel,hopefully you get to see this,and realize your not alone,and you never are,and also to anyone reading this going through the same thing,yeah,you too,kiddo c;...Okay I think Im done now before I rot your brain with my opinion ;) Okay BAII"																																				I love this video __																																				Still trying to recover	 thanks for this video.																																			"I'm not gonna give you my pity like a lot of people in the comments do. I'm not going to say your perfect because I don't believe in such things as ""Perfect"". But I will say that you are gorgeous, and you are my goal."																																				Thank you for posting this video because I've been thinking in fat and that I'm the ugliest girl in the world you are so inspirational I love uou																																				please go into more detail pls																																				You're not fat	 you're just big boobied __																																			Thank you this helped me so much gabbie don't worry your not alone																																				You're beautiful :)																																				Dear Gabbie	 you are absolutely beautiful and you are doing great as you are right now. You are such an amazing person	 and even if you don't do what you're doing right now	 which is working out and getting healthy(AWESOME!)	 you are still one of the funniest and most amazing humans on the Internet. __________________________																																Gabbie	 you are perfect. You are an amazing human and you make my day every time I see you. Don't worry what the haters say. I love you!!!!!______																																			Love your work and keep inspiring people __																																				Gabbie can you do a more detailed version of this because it really helps me a lot and also can you tell us or me in the video how you became comfortable with your body and enough to wear a bikini and stuff	 thank you love you so much______																																			"After I recovered from my eating disorder I said to my best friend "" I want to look exactly like GabbieÒ"																																				this message should be spread wider. thank you sm <3																																				keep your head up and keep doing wonderful things	 Gabbie. very proud of how much you've done and how open you've become about things like this	 I love you so much and I'm glad I found someone like you to look up to ___																																		Gabbie	 you are so inspirational! <3 If you feel comfortable enough to make another video that is more in depth	 then I think you should do it. Only if you feel comfortable though. Love you Gab!																																		Gabbie u are one of the bravest people that i've seen on youtube. The way you block out haters is incredible. Good luck with the tca's!																																				I have body dysmorphia	 everyday for hours I constantly think of my body	 and I hate myself. I also have bulimia	 I'm so worried about my body and I feel hideous	 I can't even take a picture without being worried about my weight. I want one day where I don't think about my body	 it's so tiring having hours constantly beating myself up about my body. Gabby you're beautiful	 thank you for sharing your story!																														I love you so much ______																																				So proud of you Gabbie!! Keep up the amazing and inspiring work__																																				Ok. So I'm not going to lie. I started crying during this video. I'm a year into recovery from a 5 year long eating disorder and I still struggle everyday with it. My brain just won't leave me alone and I wish I had the support that some people have. Thank you so much for posting this Gabbie. ____ I look up to you so much and I promise someday I'll be your showstopper. You rock Gabbie. Thanks for encouraging me without knowing it.																																				This was extremely brave of you to do. I appreciate that you wanted to share your story with us. Thank you for this video. :)																																				"I never realized how much my weight took over my life before watching this video, while watching this video I broke down crying... Ive always been so hard on myself having this little voice in the back of my head saying ""you'll never look like those other girls."" or ""you'll never have a boyfriend because your to fat and ugly."" I try to be happy and I try to stay positive but at times its so hard, my mom just tells me that oh hun its just baby fat you'll slim out, but I've never believed her, watching this video and seeing you work so hard to stay healthy and positive is so inspiring thank you so so much for being an amazing person , I know that this comment will most likely get lost in the sea of others but i just wanted to say thank you for opening my eyes and being such an inspiring person your so pretty and smart and positive you do u boo boo but thank you -A very thankful fan :)"																																				Damn Gabbie... This is so meaningful for me. Today I realized I have an eating disorder as well, almost the same way you did. I can relate to everything you said. I wish I can feel the same way you feel now... Thank you for sharing this with us <3																																				This was really inspirational for me I'm going to start working on my health																																				Aww gab! You're beautiful and you're such an inspiration. Such a fighter!																																				Thank you Gabbie	 I think I'm having the same thing...you have really opened my eyes. Love you so much!!!!																																			damn u almost have 2million subs __ awsome lady																																				you're beautiful Gabs :)																																				gabbie you are so beautiful and I am so jealous jealous you. your face	 your personality	 your body. I would also just like to say that you are one of my biggest role motels because of how much of a badass you are and how you don't need a man to feel whole.																																		I love you	 Gabbie!!!________																																			Smile today																																				1) I actually would like to hear an in depth version 2) I actually never saw you as a fat person in any of your social media I thought you were skinny 3) I am actually obese and have been called fat and looked fat from a really young age and with all the work I put into changing myself people still called me fat and you helped me realize im gud the way I am so thx m8 love ur vids and you																																				You touched my heart____																																				Please tell me ur whole journey	 I struggle with food and you're really inspiring.																																			I have just always been vegetarian.I won't ever want to eat meat ever in my whole life																																				I mean doesn't everybody have problems with eating?........I mean have you ever watched shane Dawson's videos? (not trying to be mean) lysm!!																																				Nobody else is dealing with your demons |-/																																				This is why I love you. I always struggle with my body and comparing myself to my thinner friends. Sometimes I feel like I can't do anything and I'm going to be fat forever. But your message was really inspiring	 and I feel as though I speak for a lot of people when I say that. Love you Gabbie! ____.																																			This was amazing																																				I cant even say how inspiring you are.																																				your amazing this is so inspiring:) so glad your doing okay and just so you know your gorgeous_																																				I love you gabbie __ I'd love to learn more about the person I admire so much																																				you probably will not see this	 but this video made me cry because I've always seen you as my goal picture and knowing that you gone through this and you are okay now is so inspiring to me. thank you for posting this____																																			I had to get this out somewhere so I guess I will do it here since we r talking about body images but ever since I was younger or going into grade one ish I always wanted to hang out with the popular kids because I had a lot in common with them but they would always put me down every time I said something and since I wasn't born with a perfect nose they would bully me about that to the point where I would just sit in the school bathrooms and cry. It's not that my nose was the extreme issue its that I already know I don't have a good nose and trust me I don't want to be reminded of it about 30 times a day and then I had the idea of starving my self to become popular I was already very skinny and you could see my bones through my shirts when people asked me why I wasn't eating my lunch I would say I'm going vegetarian and then continue my day but it really hit me that it was bad when I went to the doctor for an annual check up and the doctor said for my age and height I was 40 pounds																																				Your so inspiring Gabbie! I love you!! __																																				I've watched a lot of your videos	 I'm a subscriber.. and I didn't know you had an eating disorder	 I appreciate that you put this out there	 it must have taken a lot of bravery to put this here for the world to see	 and I'm very happy to see you do this	 hopefully it helps many people. I think you're gorgeous!!! Your body is fine!! Just know that you're perfect how you are	 you're looking the way you were meant to look! There's no way you can please everyone in the world	 you be happy as you are and have that inner confidence and your outsides will shine like your internal soul shines!!! Don't change for anyone. You do you	 doll!! You're gorgeous!!!																												"I do it all the time I'm 13 I fear being obese My friend and I didn't eat breakfast and lunch in sixth grade I would get dizzy and couldn't function... 4 years I was 60 lbs I try to fit in with my friends (everybodys says not to...) She is that is low on iron, pale, and she would pass out her goal is to look like me we rarely eat meat but we at least manage to look ""healthy"" crop tops shorts and two piece bathing suits flat stomachs and immaculate legs we know it's horrible but we can't help it..."																																				i love you so much Gabbie! you are truly inspiring and one of my favorite youtubers. stay amazing ____																																				 it's a Lie	I would love to see a more in depth video about that	 Gabbie <3																																		My stretch marks have destroyed my self esteem	 I always feel like crying when I think or look at them. Its the summer and I still refuse to wear shorts or even dresses and I am blessed enough to have a pool in my backyard and I refuse to swim in it because I do not want to wear a bathing suit. At this point I feel like even if I do lose weight I will never be able to forget the way I initially was because im stuck with these stretch marks pretty much forever and I hate them so much Im literally crying right now as im typing this...																																			"I don't know if it's just me, but throughout this video I kept on telling myself ""no, you don't need this advice. Stop"". Don't really know if that's a good thing?"																																				You inspired me too be more healthy! Thx so much! I have an eating disorder. I never say this to anyone! I eat way too much to release my stress. And I was never inspired to actually get healthy! I watched video after video after video and your video inspired me thank u so much! Anyway	 my eating is my comfort zone. And I think everyday	 I'll never be skinny	 ever! Thx so much!																																	This video made me tear up and open up my eyes to my own life. Thank you for that.__																																				Im going through the same thing u did i am a closet eater	 i have always thought i was fat. Its even harder when u have really skinny friends that can eat anything and not gain weight or freak out cause they lost their 6 pack	 even worse when UR OWN FAMILY calls u fat. __ I try to be a happy person but when u feel fat and hate ur own body its not fun	 or easy.																																	gabbie you are someone so awesome to look up to and by sharing this	 you are helping so many girls around the world with this issue. thank u for being so real. I really appreciate what u do. and I'm so happy how u talk about going to therapy and making it ok for the rest of us who have issues too. I'm happy sooooo happy that ur doing better than before n I couldn't be happier being ur subscriber 	 u look fuxking amazing n sexy as hell btw so pls keep going n kep doing wat ur doing! love u gabbie!!!																																		thank you so much Gabbie. this video is so wonderful and I love you so much. you're so gorgeous and amazing! thank you	 just thank you.																																			Gabbie you are so amazing. Don't listen to anyone who tells you different. You're a amazing	 talented	 and beautiful women please don't change for other people. I love you and stay true to yourself. <3																																		good for you gab																																				Thank you for making this Gabbie. It was very helpful __																																				I'm recovering from the same things and just seeing your progress has motivated me to be healthy and happier																																				I have gained a bit of weight this year and now when I look at myself just a year ago I realize how I should have been embracing my body as it was because then I hated it but now I wish I could go back to that																																				You are GORGEOUS gabbie______________________________																																				Very inspiring	 thank you Gabbie you just made my day XD																																			My heart broke when I read the title																																				thank you for talking about this so openly. you are an inspiration to so many. love you	 gabs.																																			I've learned not to give a damn about what people say or think of me because it's their opinion and I don't have to like it.																																				It's amazing to me how much everyone is so self critical	 I am too. But is saddens me so much that she wasn't happy with her body while I'm over here thinking she is goals. I want everyone to remember this and spread the message	 you are your worst critic	 you are beautiful and you deserve to be loved. ______																																	I enjoy learning more about you. You inspire me	 and I like learning about your life. Go in to depth	 bc im nosey about the people I care about!																																		I am so happy that I found you. Ive watched all your videos I relate to you so well at 25. Keep on Keeping on Gabs. I know this had to be hard for you! I deal with major anxiety too ..and eating issues...and we gotta stick together!																																				"my anorexia is sort of growing and when I do eat I throw up . I can't swallow anything without thinking that "" ok you'll throw it up later"" BTW gabbie I want to know more about this sry if it sounds mean"																																				"I had a realization about my own eating disorder the last couple of weeks. My sister always had a far worse eating disorder so I downplayed my own. I've recovered completely but my sister still struggles with it. The revelation came when I was on the phone with my sister and she told me about something my mom had said when we were younger. My sister had been seeing a psychiatrist and when the psychiatrist told my mom that my sister had an eating disorder, her response (in front of my sister) was ""people with eating disorders are skinnier than her."" That hit me HARD. It's an awful misconception about eating disorders. When she told me that, I realized my mom put that similar mentality on me, and it was a huge part of my denial. I relate so much to what you said, so thank you so much for reminding me where I was and how far I've come. Love you Gabbie __"																																				Your not fat your amazing awesome and cool and the best youtuber																																				If you feel comfortable telling us the whole story	 I'd love to hear it. We're here to listen	 we are all here for you when you need to talk just as you are here for us and we all love you so much! ______																																		Love you Gabby__																																				"All of the dislikes are the people who judge people about their weight and say everyone needs to be skinny.I dont care about makeup and the girls in old school said ""YOU NEED TO COVER UP ALL OF THAT ACNE"" i felt bad"																																				aw Gabs :D																																				I want the full story!!																																				Ok wait	 y would ANYONE dislike this video!?!!?!																																			I would definitely like to know more about this__ it's very inspiring ily__																																				Thank you for sharing this it makes me love you even more__																																				This is so inspirational. I would love to know about how you got through some of your hardships if you ever need to rant/vent to us!__																																				So proud of you for sharing this	 takes a lot of bravery love you!																																			thanks so much gabbie I have been really really down for the past few days because I saw this photo on instagram of this woman who's before picture was my size and her after picture was so so so small. I am not over weight I actually fall into the normal category for my age cause I am 13 and 5'6 and weigh 130. I know that I am skinny because I have a figure and my waist is small but I hate those people who come up to me and say what's my body mass index and I say normal. and then they give me a look and obsesses about being under weight. I just always feel like I have to cut back on eating because I'm not good enough for anyone else and I know no one is judging me but I can't explain it I feel like I am bullying myself and I can't stop. I feel like weight my just be a number and u can have all muscle but if u say it 150 u will be body shamed which I think is the worst thing ever. I try and feel comfortable in my own skin but yet I just can't post a picture of me in my bathing suit.but thanks gabbie after watching this video I realized thati need to be more confident and that size really doesn't matter si thank you																																				Gabbie	 we love you so much! I think you are a beautiful girl and I look up to you. I am so sorry that you have had this experience of a negative body image and eating disorders. You are right	 there is nothing wrong with wanting to be healthy	 but you shouldn't focus on the sizes and the numbers	 you should focus on being comfortable and confident with yourself. Every one is beautiful in their own way	 and my heart goes out to any one who also struggles with this stuff. Stay strong and be you!____																															this video hit me hard. thank you for making this video Gabbie _																																				Gabbie	 your very inspirational. And I am very insecure with who I am. I watch tons of videos tons of quotes everything I can possible do to help me realize many things. Please message me back because I know you could really help with my issues. Out of all of the videos and quotes and everything I feel you are the one who can really help me. So please help me Gabbie.																																			I love and relate to this so much																																				You even mentioning this has helped me a ton. You are so brave and I wish I could be as confident as you. Thank you Gabbie																																				your soooo pretty! you are not fat at all! I love watching your videos and you inspire me soo much!																																				I can't....I am too fat.																																				Thank you so much for this Gabbie	 you are such an amazing person! I love you soooo much!																																			thank you so much Gab. you are my inspiration for my confidence.																																				This video hit home for me. I just turned 19 almost 2 weeks ago	 I struggled with eating disorders from the time I was 11 until just a couple months ago. From binge eating because I thought I was too skinny and gross to purging because I gained too much weight and looked gross	 I am finally recovering. When you talked about how every moment of your life you were thinking about food I was like YES!! My whole life I thought it was normal	 because I've never been anyone else so I just assumed everyone thought about food 24/7 like I did. But I realized no	 obsessing over food isn't NORMAL. And after years of self hate and struggle I love myself. Gab	 I really hope that you stay on this path of finding self love. You are such a beautiful funny person. And I hope you can see what all of us subs do. __																															then why doesn't David stop calling u fat doesn't he know																																				I would love to hear about your eating disorder in more depth. I find it inspiring for other people who've had or still have an eating disorder. I'm glad you made yourself vulnerable so you can help others. thanks for being brave																																				Hey Gabbie.I don't know if you'll ever read this or not but if you do then we're proud of you. I personally know coming out with this kind of stuff isn't easy	 especially on the internet. You're doing so well.Ê Keep up the good work and try not to be too hard on yourself.																																			I understand	 I have been dealing with an eating disorder for most of my life. You ARE a STRONG	 INDEPENDENT	 SEXY woman who DONT NEED no stupid jean size																																	this video made me cry cause my friend passed out today cause cause she stoped eating and nearly ate																																				People telling me I'm to skinny and that I need to eat more but I don't grow weight cuz I have a high metabolism. It's hard everyday when ur friends keep telling u that u need to eat more and trust me I eat a lot. I hold back my emotions	 I hold back wanting to cry cuz I know they don't know. My little brother told me one day that I don't need to go on a diet cuz I'm already boney and that I need to gain weight. That hurt me so bad. But Gabbie u honestly put a smile on my face with this video. I'm glad someone finally told me that basically size doesn't matter. I love u Gabbie and ur beautiful u r honestly my goal. I want to be u. U r my idol. I felt like crying during this video and I sensed that u wanted to too. I feel ur pain Gabbie. @The Gabbie Show																																			wait did anyone else notice how her arms matched the song in the outro																																				all of my support goes to you gabbie	 you are beautiful _____________																																			Gabbie please make an in depth detailed video. Because these are thing teens and young adults are going thru. And you are someone who people look up to. And if they are struggling with it and know that their idol is/has dealing/dealt with the same struggle they wouldn't feel so different and like no one can understand them. And I'd love to hear it as well cause I'm one of them. And things like mental health really interest me																																				I'm honestly so so so proud of Gabbie!																																				I hope that everyone can see themselves for the beautiful person that they are	 and I'm glad you're better gabbie. you mean a lot in my life ilysm!!! _																																			Gabbie I'm sure that you've probably heard this countless times but I really really suggest that you try going vegan! It's almost effortless to maintain/lose weight (not just water weight but fat as well) on a vegan diet. Not to mention	 you can eat as much as you need to	 all the carbs you care for	 and still be able to lose excess weight and be healthy. These results will not be short term	 unless you start adding meat and dairy back into your diet. Take Jenna Marbles and Ariana Grande for example. Both of them saw great results through a vegan diet and were able to maintain those results long term	 but when Jenna started eating meat again	 the weight came back on. This just goes to show that meat and dairy have a part to play in terms of weight gain	 and I do believe that it'll benefit you a lot by going vegan.																													"Wow gabs.. I'll be honest, I cried .. That was actually very inspirational. I used to look at myself the same way, I used to be a chubby person and always called myself fat. So once I lost the weight I still think of myself as fat, i can't see myself as skinny no matter how many times someone tells me that. I currently weigh 104 and I'm 14 (5""2'). Still pretty insecure but I'm working on it, doesn't help that I have small boobs and a small butt and don't reach societies standards, but thats ok ^-^"																																				__																																				I can not being to say how much is video help THANK YOU																																				you're beautiful and I look up to you 	 you are my inspiration. I LOVE YOU																																			Holy fucking shit I love you gabbie																																				Gabbie ur so inspirational__																																				omg this happend to me when i was small people called fat and when i looked backed at my old photosand iwasnt even fat.																																				This video was so good!																																				Gabby you're beautiful! Love you!																																				I'm loving this REAL Gabbie! Keep these kind of videos coming!!!																																				Gabby	 thank you so much. I would love to hear more about it. I suffer from anxiety and depression and I've always had problems with my weight because of peopleÊwould call me fat. Seeing how successful you are and thinking I could have as big of an impact on somebody as you do on me. You inspire me to keep going on with my life even when I felt I had no reason to. I just got the courage to actually say this becauseÊand truly mean it	 Thank you :)																																		Your beautiful it doesn't matter if you have a eating disorder and your so so SO brave for coming out and saying that you have a eating disorder._(_O_)_																																				Gabby, I'm 13 and I'm going through the exact same thing and I'm constantly hating myself for it and the amount of people telling me about my weight doesn't help either. My family tells me I'm too skinny and in my eyes I see a whale. It's gotten to the point when I walk I breathe in so much when I walk you can see my ribs and I still think I look fat. I binge eat and sometimes I even make myself throw up. And I punish myself by not eating for days, sometimes even weeks. Just to let you know gabby this video really helped, it made me cry. I'm trying my best with everything I can but its hard. Ilysm gabby and these types of videos help so much thank you for making them -Molly <3																																				I wish there were 20 million like buttons																																				_																																				This hit me so fucknig hard and Ive never related more to anyone as much as this and I just spent about 15 minutes crying over it	 Im still trying to recover but at the same time I cant help but hate what I see in the mirror																																			This helped me so much. Thank you! __																																				this really helps me right now:)																																				"Gabbie for most of my life I have been a bit bigger than everyone else, I always viewed myself as the fat person of my friends. I went through a period where I only ate a granola bar a day just to lose weight. Only this year have I started to view myself as beautiful and amazing. I hope that you view yourself as that because you are beautiful even if other people don't think that, it only matters what people say if they're close to you and if they love you. Like I say ""people who mind don't matter and people that matter don't mind"". Keep being you're amazing self please__ I love all the YouTube videos you do and the vines even if other people don't like them__ you'll always be my inspiration"																																				I like her making these kinds of videos																																				Love this and love you!!! You're perfect in our eyes!																																				thanks Gabbie	 I really needed that																																			. I'm short so even though I weighed just as much as the average 13 year old I felt fat. My whole family would comment on my chubby cheeks and stuff. One day I stepped on the scale and wasn't happy with the number. I really monitored my calories. The first thing I did when I saw food was to check the box. I was consuming 500 calories a day. I had a whole plan for the day . I lost a lot of weight. Like 15-20 pounds in only a couple months. My family would always say how good I looked how my body changed and matured. In my mind this ment I look good when I loose weight and being skinny makes me mature. I would step on the scale every morning. That was over six months ago. I haven't stepped on the scale or monitored my calories in six months. What changed it for me is that I saw my twin sister in the mirror looking at her perfectly toned and flat stomach. All people hate their body's. It's not crazy science it's fact. But I don't hate my body anymore. I just want to make it the best i can																																				I have struggled with anorexia for 4 or 5 years	 and recently got a hold this year	 this really hits close to home. Thanks Gab for sharing your story.																																		Honestly I always thought you were really pretty and you still are :D <3																																				Went through and probably am still going through this now. Every day my day revolved around food	 then I got pregnant	 and have not cared about what I eat	 but I'm a week from delivering and I known I'm going to have a lot of trouble again. It brings me comfort to know other people go thru it too and can get thru it.																																	i love you so much!!!!!!__________________																																				Thank You SO MUCH for making this.																																				Thank you for sharing this story. It touched me more than you'll ever know. I think you are beautiful inside and out!																																				You're beautiful Gabbie ________																																				awe gab that was so beautiful thank you for that positive message many people still struggle and they need to know this																																				Im 14 15 in a few weeks and For the last 3 years of my life I've felt the same way until I stopped caring about 3 months ago and I feel way better																																				Thank you I love this video																																				I love you so much Gabbie __																																				literally related to everything you said. very inspiring video. would love to share my story one day.																																				Gabbie your body is kinda what I want to look like because you are so pretty but I am just fine with how I look																																				____																																				I'm very happy with this video because I was uneducated on this topic thanks for posting																																				gabbbbiiieeee	 i got ur nose....																																			aww Gabbie I love you so much																																				Thank you so much Gabbie this video means a lot! I use to not eat at school... then I worked out a lot but I still think I'm fat...																																				I love you	 you inspire me. I believe that I have a similar body as yours. My struggle has been real	 workout then eat brownie and feel bad. Thank you for sharing that and inspiring me to realize that i need to feel comfortable in my body and still be happy and healthy. Thank you Gabbie -Your biggest fan																																		"a couple of years ago I got sucked into ""thinspiration"" I gradually started was my therapist would call a class one eating disorder. I started counting calories watching what I ate, exercised for hours upon hours. I eventually started only letting myself eat 500-600 calories a day. Then it got to the point where I would purge. I threw up anything I ate. This went on for a good two years before people started to notice I wasn't losing weight but getting sicker. Eventually I went back to therapy and sorted out my problems. Now I'm at a healthy weight, not exactly where I want to be but i'll get there healthily."																																				You probably won't see this but your really beautiful and this video has helped a bunch of people that I know so thx																																				Gaby. You inspire everyday. Thanks you																																				you beautiful gabbie we all love you even the haters																																				Love u gabbie. You are so strong and amazing xx																																				i really needed this video gabbie so just thank you 	i'm currently dignosted as anorexic and i simply can't look myself in the mirror and see it 	my parents tell me theire sacared cause they can see my bones and still i feel guilty every time i eat something thats a little bit more caloric or that its not what i ate to loose the weight 	and i look in the mirror and i feel so fat doesn't matter how many peaple tell me i'm so skinny	i'mÊjust startingÊtheraphy but i'm honestly scared cause i just can't help it and your video didn't save me but every little thing makes a diference and it helps to hear this things right now in my life ! so really just thank you(i'm sorry for bad english writing i'm brazilian)																																gabbie you are beautiful . forget what the haters say. always remember you have tons of support from your family	 friends	 and fans.																																		I love you.																																				Awww I love you so much	 i wanna give you a hug																																			"First of all, Gabbie this video was really inspiring. Good job ____. But I would like to share my story. Ok so I am 11 almost 12. I know you're gonna be like she's too young for YouTube and all that but please just listen. I am under weight for my age. I am 5'3 and I weigh 80 pounds. I constantly try to eat as much as I can to gain weight. I am always called ""bean pole"" or ""stick"". I know it shouldn't bother me but it really does. Anyways, everyone should just be comfortable with their body instead of forcing things unhealthy to lose or gain weight. I'm sad to see that gabbie is so upset about her body and health. Don't let it get to you gabbie we love you! __"																																				I love you.																																				Why Do People Even Call Her Fat	 SHE'S NOT FAT LIKE AT ALL. Shm	 Fuck The Haters.																																		"+TheGabbie Show I choose you. You are so inspirational and loving. Those are your best personal qualities. That's was you will keep forever, your body shouldn't have to be a barrier between you and having the best life imaginable. Your personality, and person characteristics is what matters. Be who you are, if people want to call you ""fat"", because it makes them feel good to hurt people in some sick way, then let them. You don't have to take their criticism, its rude cause its nobody's business. God made you who you are because He knows you can get past it. The heartless criticism is just an obstacle, and with anxiety I'm sure its hard to see rude comments, I'm sure for anyone it would be hard to see rude comments. But with every rude comment, there is a sweet comment. I'm sure you won't see this, but you are my inspiration, I look.up to you. Always be true to yourself. You are who you are. You're beautiful, you're sweet, you're funny, you're loving. I love you soo much Gabbie. Keep making these kinds of videos, they inspire me soo much.. I love you Gabbie!!!!!!"																																				This video hits me hard because I feel how she does																																				I was anorexic for a little over a year.... I would like to one day share my story.																																				In 4th grade these couple of girls told me I was fat and I should go on a diet. I believed them. Every nig I went home and cried in my pillow	 and when I eat I knew that I shouldn't be eating it because of those girls will tell me. I still struggle with it today but this really helped me!!__																																			I was anorexic for a little over a year.... I would like to one day share my story.																																				This helped me. A lot	 actually. Thank you	 Gabbie. <3 I love you so much.																																		You are perfect the way you are I love you______																																				Can everyone plz check out my YouTube video!______																																				I been called to skinny my whole life	 which I am I'm really picky so it's hard to gain weight. To top that off I have high metabolism (not sure If I spelt that right.) It's hard to relate my weight problems with people and me having a regular fever sometimes end up worse then normal. I wish I could gain weight but I'm to picky to eat regular meats and so on. I haven't enjoyed my life completely these 1-2 years of my life. gabbie I will try to be more positive thank you. Being under weight sucks I don't like taking of my shirts from the beach or even pools.																																			I love you gabbie. you are such a good person. thank you gabs. ____																																				Gabbie you should know I have always seen you as a beautiful girl who is so amazing. Your body is seriously awesome and I personally have always been jealous of how it looks. I think that you making these videos that are more serious is a sign of you becoming a mature adult. I love all your videos. They are such a reflection of how great you are. I get so excited to watch your videos and I just want to tell you that I love you so much. You are so wonderful and I hope you receive all the blessings in the world.																																				I'm skinny. I was born skinny. since I'm skinny my knees dislocate every now and then. I would eat a lot but I can't. I have stomach issues. I can only eat tiny meals a day or else I will be in serious pain. I just want to say you are perfect the way you are be glad of your size but I you work out it makes you healthier and stronger. I'm weak. this inspired me to start working out and make my knees go back to normal. thank you gabbie__																																				I can't tell your pain throughout the video :( I'm so proud of you for being strong throughout this. You fucking rock. I love ya																																				you are so beautiful please never do this again																																				I wish I had seen this video back in my sophomore year... And I love that you put that song at the end, it's so fitting.																																				Who disliked this wtf																																				_																																				__________________________																																				I'm 5'4 and i weigh 125 pounds should i lose weight																																				please do another video on this please love you gabbie xxxxx																																				This made me tear up cuz thats what im going through right now but i still cant except myselfÉ oh well __																																				I give this infinite likes if it was possible.																																				I can relate so strongly to this. This is actually exactly how my eating disorder manifested. I kind of thought that I might have had an eating disorder but I never really wanted to acknowlege or believe it until I started to see a therapist and she basically told me that that was the root of most of my struggles and anxieties. So strange																																				Wow	 this video hit so close to home for me. People used to call me fat when I was super skinny	 to bother me... It ended up bothering me so bad that I stopped eating. Two days later I ended up in the hospital because I had a hard time standing on my own and would have my eyes roll into my head.... Turned out I had hypoglycemia ( opposite of diabetes.... Aka. Super low blood sugar). I have struggled my whole life	 even when I was 118lbs. I'm pregnant now and my husband has to continuously remind me the I'm pregnant	 not fat. Thank you for speaking about this Gabbie	 we love you! P.S. You are 100% goals to me!!!																															I love u gabbie____																																				i cried 2 during this and this helped me bc im 11 years old i dont like my body i have dysphoria i have anxoity and depression and i wanna become a boy and when u wanna be trans u have dysphoria which means u dont love ur body and i have it so this rlly helped me thank u so much Gabbie u have saved my life ily so much																																				"Thank you I really needed that I'm only 12 and I never really thought about it but I really only think about that stuff and my whole life I've been the ""fat"" girl"																																				Gabbie	 I would like to hear an in depth story of this... but I don't want you to force it out. I want you to feel okay to share it	 I only want you to share an in depth story of your disorder if YOU want to share it. Stay amazing Gabbie you're such an inspiration :)																																		Stay strong Gabbie! You are so inspiring and every single one of your fans will help you if you are having a hard time! <3																																				Gabble	 your beautiful __																																			your absolutely my ideal______________																																				I'm 21 and a long time subscriber but I've never left a comment before. This is a great video especially for younger viewers. So many people	 myself included	 have had issues just like this. I recently this last year got out of a 3 year relationship and I started having a lot of problems with food and am working through but great message.																																		THANK YOU																																				You are such and amazing person gabbie I relate to you so much thanks being an beautiful human being. ____																																				Did anyone else think she was going to talk about binge eating?																																				I do sit ups and push up s every other day before bed and its actually doing me loads																																				This made me cry because i am so proud of her and her accomplishments if you are reading this gabbie you are the best person that ever lived																																				Awesome video Gabby. You said you hoped it would help somebody	 I think it helped us all. (Also the end song was perfectly selected) Never stop making videos! ____																																			i struggle with an eating disorder and i have since i was very very young. my whole life i havnt gotten the nutrients i need and i havnt been happy	 my grades went down and i became deppressed. i didnt know to well that i had one but ever since summer before 8 grade it has taken over me. there is 99% eating disorder and 1% me. i want to say thank you. this helped me a lot and maybe one day i will help me even more on the road to recovery.																																			You are so inspirational thank you Gabbie __																																				I love you so much you're my inspiration. You are so brave sharing this and you and just amazing. Never change____																																				I actually never thought she was fat. She always looked perfect.																																				Don't stress Gabbie we all love and we will always be there ______________																																				gabbie I love you so much deeply. I might just be your fan but I believe in you. I watch all your videos and I love this new perspective you have. I got to see the other side if you_____																																				im crying now i have the same problum and to her that someone elce has gone thrue 																																				this was one of the best videos i think you ever made like I'm crying rn because you have changed the way i new life thank you so much!!!																																				I would love to hear about your journey.																																				Thankyou Gabbie...you are so beautiful I appreciate you putting yourself out there to help others__																																				I cried during this because I struggled with this a lot... Thank you so much for helping me accept myself for who I am because I always feel extremely bad about myself...																																				y are so pretty																																				Thanks so much for sharing Gabbie! You are very brave for sharing and your openness about your mental health is a huge contribution to tearing down the stigma around mental health. You are making good use of your social media influence which is incredibly respectable.																																				Man	 Gabbie is so confident... I wish I could be as amazing and funny and confident like her... I just embarrass myself __. ________																																			I love you gabby and I understand __ your so perfect the way you are your a perfect size no need to hurt yourself this way and I'm happy you have been getting better 	 I love to hear more deeper in this bc I love you and want to get to know you better even tho your probably not going to answer __ but you are just really speaking to me heh and I uh yeah... Uhm but yeah I'd like to get into this even more if you'd like to share______																																			This video has been so inspiring for me Gabbie. Thank you x																																				thank you for this																																				I have no words right now but all I want to do is give her a big hug ______																																				"Dear gabby , I've been a fan of your for a little over a year , and I have never cried happy tears at one of your videos . This put my life in a bit of a better place with my body . I'm 13 and I'm comparing myself to everyone , and although I've never stopped eating like you did , I've cried about being so called ""fat"" for a long time because I'm comparing myself to these girls that aren't like me . I've had boys call me fat just because I didn't look like the popular girls . But I think now I can look at myself and be a little more happy because you shined some light into my heart . I love you so much , and I hope you continue excepting yourself as I will try to also Love me __"																																				"""It's not about losing weight, it's about gaining confidence."" I love that, Gabbie, so powerful."																																				Wow this was so inspiring ILYSM keep doing what ur doing<3																																				lmao @ david who still keeps calling u fat																																				This actually made my day. Im going threw really bad body images rn. My friends talk about me behind my back	 saying they dont want to hangout with me bc im fat. All the people around me are skinny. And call themselves fat. It makes me feel more bad about myself. Bc what does that make me? Thank you gabbie. Your truly my hero.																																			As you can see your video views are going down because of Pokemon Go!!! Shut up for a while																																				you're so awesome Gabbie!!!																																				__																																				You are one of the most positive people on this website																																				U ARNT FAT U NEVER WHERE FAT	 BEING THICK ISNT FAT																																			OMG I'm crying much rn!!																																				i just think about how fat i am all the time. it's sucks man	 really sucks																																			I'm sooo glad you made this video Gabbie. i have a really good friend who went through this same thing and now I really understand what she went through. I'm not saying that every eating disorder is the same	 I'm just saying	 this video made an unimaginable amount of sense to me. So thank you :)																																		I'm a Twenty one pilots fan myself & i was so touched when u said u don't know their demons																																				You sure as HELL don't know their demons...																																				Fun fact	 I started watching u cuz I thought u were beautiful and how skinny u r	 what ever people say is stupid	 your beautiful Gabs plz don't believe what they say	 I think your skinny and beautiful and that's the truth																																I thought she ment real goldfish and that's why she got a stomach ache. I was like wtfff Gabbie. now we just eat goldfish? ____																																				Absolutely love this.																																				Gabbie I really wanna thank you a lot	 this helped me so much. Love You____________																																			it's probably bad to say this but when u said they had goldfish i thought u meant like literal goldfish i had to look it up oMg i was sO confused																																				I need to show this to my sister.. This is so inspiring__																																				Thank you for being you gabbie I love you________																																				"Awh man this video helped me so much , "" your before photo is someone's goal """																																				This hit me hard																																				________________________																																				Gabbie	 I'm not sorry for you because I know you wouldn't be the person I look up to today without your anxiety and eating disorders	 but I want to ask you something. I don't know if you or anyone for that matter could answer this. I'm thirteen years old and I've seen a therapist before	 he gave up on me. I was wondering if you have and recommendations for how to get through this awful world with anxiety. I always end up blocking out the world instead of dealing with it. That's why I got expelled from school	 kicked out of multiple churches	 and I'm not allowed to talk to my family. None of them understand why I can't get out of bed and go somewhere or even order something at a restaurant. I felt like I had no one and tried to end my life multiple times	 but then I found you. I genuinely thank you for getting me through nights I thought I couldn't. Thank you!																														I had an eating disorder when I was 10 in fourth grade beacuse kids should call me fat big huge...and I really wanted 2 kill myself and I tried ... But while I was driving to the counselor I watched you and I was just like wow she's so comfedent and I wanted to be like you and I've gotten better and I wanted to thank you...I'm eleven now and I lost 30 pounds and I fell great about my body so thank you for helping me on my journey ________																																				Can there be a love button pls																																				You always have the most inspirational things to say and that right there is why i am subscribed to you. I'm sure you brighten up many people's day so I thank you for always being that light we need																																				__																																				Hm.																																				Love you Gabbie! Thank you for telling your story	 you help me through a lot and I'm thankful for it! Yes	 please make a more in depth video about this topic. It helps to hear someone going through this.																																		I would like to see an in-depth video about your journey. I struggled with my weight a lot in middle school. I would eat very little then i would binge. I did sports and the struggle to maintain an athletic body. Lol i had a lot of problems in middle school lol. But then now in high school i just binge eat and cant really stop myself from eating in the beginning of high school (im a senior now) and i cant really eat in social settings its hard for me but ive gotten better :) i would love to hear your journey.. In the past fee months i just got comfortable in my skin! :) thank you for making this video! :')																																				thank you for letting me know I'm not the only one plz make more vids like this																																				thank you Gabbie with every video you put a smile on my face. and if someone says something rude to up just laugh it off. i have always when told things that offended me but i always laugh it off because the less you spend on the negatives and more on the positives you will become a better you. always love yourself and if someone doesn't like something about you then forget them because you are beautiful and an inspiration to me and many people. Everyone's struggle is always remembered but it should never bring you down it should make you stronger and brings you up. i am proud of your strength and where you are in your life i hope you rise higher than the stars. p.s. i love you																																				These videos take so much courage and I applaud you for it. Thank you for making this video	 I've been told my whole life that I'm fat. And I just wanna say thank you	 thank you for being a real person.																																		Gabbie	 you are very inspirational for many people! Don't ever feel that you are never good enough :) loads of love																																			DO SKITS																																				Gabbie	 you probably won't see this but thank you I look up to you and think your really amazing don't let the mean comments bring you down. Your perfect!!																																			This video changed my views tbh. I've always compared myself to others. This video just made me start to think of everything differently. Thank you Gabbie. Ily ______																																				I still think Im fat																																				Everyone's beautiful																																				She's fat??what!! Are people blind																																				This was great I have gained weight and I hate looking at my body because I now have stretch marks and they disgust me I have them in my stomach on my waist on the back of my knees on my thighs and by my armpits and I feel so insecure. And I don't think I have a eating disorder or at least like you because I can't say I would eat and spit it out for me it's more of eating unhealthy. And I agree that it's not about losing weight it's about gaining confidence. I need to stop making excuses because I used to be very confident in myself but I'm not at the moment. In other words thank you for sharing this with us.																																				You are beautiful Gabbie! Ily <3																																				Her face	 neck and chest are so off color.... It's bugging me																																			thank you so much for posting this video. You'll never know how much it means _ xoxo																																				This was a really good video. Thanks gabbie																																				I really want ur thighs!																																				I'm so proud of you Gabbie! I love you__																																				I watched you from 10:00pm-3:00am yesterday morning																																				Gabbie	 I'm pretty sure you have many more comment to view and other people to see	 but I need to tell you something. You have been the only person	 and I mean the ONLY person	 that has made me laugh almost every day. Vines	 youtube	 anything you do	 I really enjoy watching you. And you know what	 fuck the people that made fun of you and everyone else. They don't know what it's like and I am surrounded by people that don't have any idea what it's like to be through this kind of thing. But because you put it out there	 I've sent it to so many people with that kind of struggle. I really feel like you've touched so many hearts and i'm just so happy that you decided to do this. I love you so much. Thank you for always brightening my day. ~Valkyrie (A fan)																											I'm so so so proud of you Gabbie! Please make a more indepth video! Aghh I love you so much																																				I love that you've said this	 it's honestly helped me and I'm just happy for you. Thank you so so much Gabbie.																																			i just realised that i have eating disorders too but the good news is that its getting better than the past few years .																																				love you Gabbie very inspirational thank you																																				I swear, all the people that I have seen are beautiful but have/had eating disorders! Every single person who has gone through this is beautiful! They shouldn't be worried about their image, the people they don't know aren't paying attention and the people that actually matter don't care! Everyone is amazing, it just takes a spark to light the true beauty!																																				everyone is beautiful remember there is not a better u out their u should take care of urself yes and exercise but remember ur gorgeous and own it																																				i am so proud of you finally realizing that you are so beautiful and not fat at all! whenever you said in a video that you are fat it made me really upset because you are such a beautiful person	 don't you ever forget that!																																			I LOVE GABBIE <3																																				I know that Freelee has a controversial way of expressing her ideas but in one thing she's right: You need a lot of carbohydrates in your diet. Counting calories is not the way	 but counting the bad fats is.																																			I understand I struggle with a eating disorder I had bulimia and nearly lost my life to it through my hard time it hard but I got there in the end x																																				Gabbie	 I cried during this video. Not in a sad way but in a way that has mixed emotions. Stay strong Gab	 we love you no matter what. I have been working very hard by running and it has been working. I have seen changes in myself physically and mentally. Thank you Gabbie for making this video.																																		Gabbie i doubt you see this but...you are such an inspiration to me and after this video I'm realizing a lot and I can relate to you by so so so much and my life has been a shit fest and everything's has gone to wreck but now I'm seeing things clearer because a person that I look up to just told a million people that it's not about loosing the weight	 it's about being confident and I accept that and it makes me happy to see an inspiration like you to relate to all my struggles because I'd never believe that a beautiful person like you would think that you are fat	 but I see that life will never be perfect with flaws in it but atleast you showed me how to cope with them	 you told me that it's going to be ok if you try to think it will! Ilysm!!! Thank you ______																																	I love you and you are so amazing! I look up to you as a role model	 and it makes me feel so much better knowing you've been down the same road. Last year I was diagnosed with anorexia and it was just the worst thing to happen to me.. so far.. but then I developed depression and anxiety from it as I learned from therapy. I love you so much and you are such a beautiful and wonderful person <3 <3 <3																																			This video was so empowering and supportive! I hope you read this comment and listen to me when I tell you that you are beautiful and I really look up to you. I struggle with severe anxiety disorders and watching this I can relate on some level. I am proud of you and I envy your confidence.																																				Gabbie your body is gorgeous today																																				"I don't know if I should comment this but Gabi your video inspired me. I got bullied by some people, and they said things about my body and those comments made me hate myself and who I was. And sometimes I try opening up to my friends and tell them how I feel fat, then they yell at me saying stop drawing attention to yourself your not fat you can't say anything because your ""skinny"". Are they right?"																																				You are amazing and I love that you shared this it makes you think a lot more about other things. ____																																				About 6ish years ago. I had a very bad stomach ache. I couldn't sleep or eat. I was throwing everything up. I could stand with out feeling like is was gonna trow up. I had to go to the hospital. I had lost a good 10ish pounds. And now I can't gain it back. At all. I literally just hit 100 pounds. So yeah. That's my story.																																				Good for you Gabbie. I love you so much. When I am older I want to be like you	 being able to talk openly about these kinds of things. You are my inspiration. I love that song at the end.																																			And I feel bad for Gabbie. I know its not your fault. Just hang in there please. I'm glad you are doing something about this. you need to let this out. Hang in there as I said																																				Thank you. That's honestly all I think I can put into words. Thank you.																																				Gabbie	 I hope u see this	 but if I am your age and as fit as you	 I would be so damn happy! God	 I keep on looking at you in your vids and you just look really pretty. I hope I'm just as pretty when I am your age. Keep smilen' and have a great day! :)																																You look good today	 and everyday :)																																			Your body is beautiful and I love you so much. I cannot live life without watching you for at least 15 times a day__																																				We love you Gabbie! Thank you for making this	 you're very brave! My best friend is bulimic. I'm going to send this to her.																																			If your body is a body of who someone has an eating disorder. I want and eating disorder.																																				IF WE ARE CONPLIMENTING PEOPLE	 I WANT TO COMPLIMENT MY MOM AND I FOR LOSING 7-8 POUNDS IN TWO WEEKS!!																																			babyy___ you're legitimately so beautiful and idk of you'll believe that when i say it but you surely need to hear it more. im happy you've made the decision to be healthy. i used to skip meals a lot and had the same 24/7 thinking about food and avoiding it etc but im trying to be healthy ha. but i love you and this is just one of the reasons why. keep being you bc you're as perfect as a person can get inside and out __xx																																				This is a very serious topic and love that u had the courage to talk about it. What happened to me is that I was a few pounds over weight when I was very little but it was nothing serious but my parents called me fat and chubby and purposely cut down the size of my meals to a almost unhealthily small size but it wasn't their fault they were just trying to help but I still deal with body shaming issues so pls if someone tell you your fat or you should lose like 20 lbs pls don't starve urself and u don't need to listen to them the fact of the matter is ur probably exactly the weight u need to be so pls don't listen to those type of people even if the r ur parents																																				I would love you to do a more in depth vid																																				We love you gabs. You're beautiful __																																				I hope gabbie makes a more detailed video about this and talks about her eating disorders whilst growing up. basically going into a deeper depth of her story.																																				you should tell David Dobrik to stop making fun of you if you have a disorder																																				Aw gabbie I'm sorry you are perfect how you are______																																				I'm a wheelchair user and I can't do much physical activity because of my heart and joint problems (I have Marfan Syndrome	 google it). I get called fat every day. I'm constantly made to feel like shit	 even when I had a spinal operation and it paralyzed me for a while I was told to loose weight and that I was a fatty. I believe every word they say.																																		I'm so glad that you	 as a popular youtube channel	 are making all these serious videos. I think that youtubers are often given a large audience	 and lots of potential for progress in that audience	 but few use it. I'm so glad you do both funny and serious videos	 I think that's awesome. Thank you for existing ___																															What happened to her	 alx james	 and David																																		thank you for doing what you do_ you give us all so much strength and i will be eternally grateful for that																																				Gabby honestly you are not fat. You shouldn't believe that your fat. Your beautiful the way you are and I understand why you do think differently as i have had some of same problems. But be happy with who you are as your an amazing and have people a lot of people so much. i know for a fact you have helped me and I thank you for that.																																				Gabbie: I hate my body Is always half naked and shaking her flabby ass																																				Thank you so much for saying this it needed to be said. I know how you feel I have a metabolic disorder causing me to never be full or gain weight. For years I have modeled and have had people tell me I'm disgusting and anorexic when that wasn't the case. About 3 years ago my freshman year of high school I got the impression I was fat even though I was only 100lbs and stopped eating. I was in the hospital for 2 weeks and then went back to school and people made fun of me. That's when I heard other people's stories. Now I'm in lots of sports and compete nationally in dance. You are one of my biggest inspirations I have gain enough weight to be average and I jus want to thank you so much. You have helped me even though you don't know me.																																				I really loved this. Not all of your videos have to be laughable. You have a great platform and I love that you used this time to share your story and bond with us more. I deal with the same thing you dealt with and its hard to look at it as a disorder but it is. But again I applaud you and keep making videos just like this one __																																				thank you <3																																				I can relate to this so much..																																				______________________________________________________________________________																																				I'd love a more in depth video but that's just my opinion																																				no matter what we love you so very much <3																																				I'm (slowly) recovering from binge eating. Thank you __																																				This is so beautiful																																				Hey Gabbie	You probably won't read this	 but I just want to tell you something. I have been struggling with a hair disorder	 that makes me pull out my hair. I am always super insecure about it	 so I am always wearing hoods	nor beanies	 or hats	 etc. This video really spoke to me	 and I just want to say thank you	 from the bottom of my heart! You are a true hero in my book. I love you ______																											I love this so much. Pls do a journey video	 gabbie your so amazing love you :)																																			ive had anorexia since i was 12 (in 2012). i wasnt diagnosed until this year and ive been forced into treatment. i hate being in treatment. ive gained 10kgs so far and im struggling so much. i feel so alone. i have no talents	 im useless	 the only thing i was good at was losing weight and now thats been taken away from me. i feel so trapped in my life and so fat and disgusting. since april ive gone from a bmi of 13 and now im almost at 18 and i just dont want to live anymore. im not allowed to exercise of have any say in what i eat. my only purpose in life was being hungry and the number on the scale going down	 and now i dont have that. i have no purpose. i just cant do this anymore																																	Gabbie don't listen to those people who only have negative things to say. You're beautiful the way you are. Eating disorders are hard to overcome	 ik :-/ but I hope you're doing okay now__																																			I would have never thought you had a eating disorder Gab __ and	 what app did you use?																																			in depth please:)																																				we love you no mater what__																																				You are not fat	 and I have never thought you were	 so don't listen to them	 you are beautiful the way you are__																																	....I think I have an eating disorder wAHT																																				Gabbie	 thank you. I love you so much. You are real and seem so nice and positive. You have brightened so many of my dark days. I'm starting to realize that I may have an eating disorder. The thought of food sometimes makes me want to throw up. Other days I binge like crazy. This video made me realize that I may have a real problem. Thank you for that. So many hate comments are thrown at you everyday	 and you deserve more loving comments. Thank you so much for every video you post and every vine that I play on loop. You are my favorite YouTuber ever. You are so beautiful	 don't let anyone tell you otherwise. This is already too long	 but I love you Gabbie. Don't let anyone dull your sparkle	 Drue.																															You're perfect and amazing gabby and don't let anyone tell you different!! I love you and you're an inspiration and an idol to millions! Keep it up girl! You'll go far in life trust me__																																				I am so sorry I have anxiety to and it hurts 	you inspire other people like me 	 you are an amazing person																																		I'm so proud of you for uploading this video. I know it takes a lot of courage to upload such a personal video like this and I'm so happy that you did. You're so strong for getting through this and sharing your story and inspiring me along with so many of your other subscribers. I love you no matter what even though I don't know you personally but your videos get me through bad days and always inspire me. So thank you Gabbie for doing this. I hope you see this and know how much you mean to me. Just know you always have my support. Love you :)																																				you are beautiful just the way you are dont let anyone tell you different you are perfect the way you are dont ever forget that																																				This made me so happy and comfortable about my body thank you so much																																				Wish I had a sneaky subscription from you Gabbie. I struggled with anorexia and various other eating disorders which I've documented on my channel. I absolutely love you and your videos. So happy you made it through!																																				so proud of you Rachel	 its so brave of you to make yourself so vulnerable and put it all out there. So much love xx																																			love you gabbie <3																																				You go gab____ ly____																																				This was so inspiring Gab	 i'll try to not compare myself to all my skinny friends. that's always been a huge problem of mine and you definitely opened my eyes to reality																																			This makes me sad																																				Gabbie it most not be a big disorder because your beautiful person... Ilyy __																																				Thank you so much I will use this advice																																				oh & ______________________________________________________________________________________________________________																																				Stay strong Gabbie. You have a great family online that thinks the world of you. Lots of love sent your way __																																				GABBIE I love you so much and I am so thankful you shared this with the world. This really opened my eyes!																																				Thank you for making this video I have anorexia and I was addicted to self harm like other ways and this video made me happy made me feel like I wasn't the only one.																																				I'm exactly like you. Thank you <3																																				______________________________________________ __________________________																																				I love you so much gabbie__																																				for some reason this video hit me much harder than every other time people have talked about self confidence and weight and eating disorders and gave me a new perspective on everything. thank you gabbie																																				loves it																																				Gabbie	 we love you and hope that you can focus on the GREAT comments and not the haters. HATERS GONNA HATE																																			this hit me hard... this video has a perfect message! I hope there is more to come! love you gabbie__																																				I love this cuz I struggle with my weight and I would never shop in the right place cuz it made me feel fat but your speech helped me realized I need to be comfortable in my own skin																																				The drama is fucking unreal.																																				Please can you make a more detailed video																																				I'm so glad you made a video about this and that you're using your platform to let people know that eating disorders are much more common than everyone thinks	 and that they aren't limited to one body type																																			can you do a morning routin or a work out routin .																																				fuck you all who said she's fat																																				Thank you Gabbie. You are a beautiful soul!																																				your not fat it's just that people look at other people and wow I want to like her or him. I love you Gabby I'm sure every body does to																																				Youre so right	 we dont notice how things change on our body																																			When she said goldfish	 I was so confused coz we don't have goldfish crackers in Australia. I thought she ate her friends fish. Lol																																			I think you very beautiful and I wish I had your body and I want to start walking every day. Me and my daughter went for a walk and we don't normally do that. And you are inspiring and I hope my daughter are as strong as you are. Thank you and keep on inspiring girls.																																				"I never thought you were fat Gabbie. someone told me never say ""I'm fat"" say ""I have a six pack of pudding"""																																				This made me cry so hard__ and it really touched me I never had an eating disorder but I've known people who have and I just want to say you are so beautiful and perfect and just such a beauty even if you don't see it other people do I really hope you see this The Gabbie Show__																																				i have struggles 2 your not the only 1 Gabbie ilysm Stay strong Gabb																																				Thank you for making this video even though I am confident in my self some people aren't and I think this is a good way to get people to understand the way you think about this situation																																				"Gabbie...you're beautiful, ""fat"" or ""skinny"" you're beautiful, just rock it____"																																				so proud of you																																				Gabbie	 You're perfect the way u are! <3																																			I'm so sorry you had to go through all this																																				This was an inspiring message and I'm so incredibly proud of you gab xx																																				Wow.. This made me really think																																				I love this video so much																																				This Happened To Me A While Ago At School	 I Recently Moved To A Diff State During The Last Few Weeks of It Left And Since I Joined So Late I Had Trouble Making Friends Because I Came Off as The 'Quiet Black Kid' Even though Im An Introvert( Only If I Dont Have At Least one Friend Im Comfy With Before i Turn Into The 'Loud BlackPerson') So i Never Went To Lunch Since There Was Only A Couple Weeks Left Anyway During That Time I Made 1 Friend and Associated With Her Friends And She Kept Inviting Me To Lunch And I Had Just been going To Library(DerpHowSad ikr) To Wait For Gym Which was Right After So I Put Her Off For A Week Feeling Heavy Anxiety About how It Would Be Like In The Cafeteria( Its A Mainly Black Population mind you I Came Off As The Quiet Black Kid and im a tomboy So I come Off As Lesbo too arent stereotypes lovely) But when i Did Join her to Lunch THE LAST WEEK OF SCHOOL. I Realized It wasnt So Bad. And I felt Dumb Af i Still struggle with eating habits but i thinl im better because Me Personally I Trick Myself Into Believing Im hungry If I Cant Taste The Food I Just Ate So Instead I Drink Loads Of Water____*struggleBeRealz*																																			Literally wrote my story which was worth a few long paragraphs then erased it all from anxious thoughts 																																				I have trouble with my weight and I am a really fussy with food and Gabbie I know how you feel x ____																																				I'm so caught up in your vlogs that I forget about your regular channel ____																																				this video really helps me I am so insecure and this video makes me feel a lot better.																																				Thanks Gabbie!!!! You look awesome like always and I love you and ur vids! __																																				I feel really bad for you I love you																																				Gabby I love you soo much and you are just an amazing and brave woman and not only that but also beautiful and you inspire alot please continue to change this world just by being you______																																				This is so inspiring Bc I'm going into 7th grade and everyone seems so consumed with there weight and I thought I should be to but ur my inspiration gabbie ily sm ______																																				"hi Gabbie, thank you so much for sharing this! I also have body image issue, but I'm the opposite.. I'm naturally skinny, and people have been pointing it out, I already know! YES. I AM SKINNY. and people assuming I don't eat much, while the truth is I eat a lot more than most people. I count calories to see if I get enough calorie to gain weight. I'm trying hard to gain weight, I'm trying hard to fill in my thigh gap. I eat McDonald's, KFC, Hungry Jack's, and Domino's almost every day as much as I can. and all these ""thick"" trends are making me even more self conscious. and people don't seem to realize that saying ""you're so skinny, you should eat more"" to a skinny person is just like saying ""you're so fat, you should exercise more"" to a larger person. that is so not okay. but thank heavens that my fiance always appreciate me for who I am.. and always let me know that I already am beautiful, I already am sexy :) anyways, thank you so much Gabbie! I'll try to think of eating healthy more than eating those fats and calories __"																																				gabby you are perfect I love you so damn much u are my fuckin bae																																				"Gabbie, I just wanted to say how much this video has changed my life. I have all of these friends who are naturally super skinny, and have ahard time gaining weight, so my entire life I've been surrounded by my closest friends, who are all super tiny, when I wasn't. I've always seen myself as not good enough because I was bigger than them. All of them have boys crawling all over them, and I don't, and I always thought it was because they were skinny. I always thought that I would never find love because I was ""fat"". I went through a couple of years where I just didn't eat anything, so that I could be like them, and finally have someone love me, but the truth is, i never was fat. I'm not fat. I was comparing myself to these people who have naturally slight figures, and Just because I don't have that too, doesn't mean I'm worth any less. Anyways, this video made me realize all of that. Thank you."																																				Thank you for this Gabbie	 I'm sure you've helped a lot of people like myself. We love you __																																			wow amazing																																				go vegan __________ it's the healthiest and you're saving lives!																																				I've struggled with my weight literally since I was little. I wasn't obese but I was a chubby kid until around 5th grade. I got quite big but nobody worried about it. The next year I went to middle school and I got so insecure. All the girls in my grade were starting to wear makeup and have a nice body but I still looked ugly. The summer before 7th grade	 I went to Florida to visit my mom and I lost a lot of weight. I was so excited and finally happy with myself but that quickly ended when I went back to school. I /always/ compared myself and I still do. I started gaining weight throughout the years up until 9th grade when I decided to be homeschooled due to my social anxiety. I gained so much weight and I kept eating and eating without realizing how big I was. A few months ago	 I saw how fat I was and I was so depressed. I finally said to myself I will lose the weight. I didn't know what my weight was. I was too afraid to look at the number. I knew I lost weight when I went down a-																																		Yes	 gabbie if you make healthy choices and work out enough you will loose weight! YOU ARE BEAUTIFUL! YOU DONT NEED TO LOOSE WEIGHT! But	 do whatever makes you happy! Love you GABBIE! ____ TEAM UNDERDOGS!																																		When I was 9 I had this camp monitor who would make jokes about me in front of the whole camp	 which gave me such bad anxiety. Second week of camp came around and I was throwing up my breakfast	 since I was so nervous	 even if I didn't have to throw up I would force myself to throw up. My mom took me to the doctor three times	 since she knew something was wrong. Later on I stopped eating in general	 as you said	 I would try really hard but my gag reflexes would just go off when I was about to swallow the food. To this day	 we haven't been told what was wrong with me (I'm better now) since I was terrified to tell the doctor what I was scared about. Wow	 I know this was all so unnecessary but I just felt like I should share it :))																												this video is the best and I think you have a wonderful way of saying things	 and helping people. you go girl	 it's a fight to love yourself but it's so worth it and you deserve that peace of mind																																		I really admire your courage	 candor	 and ability to be so clear and transparent about this struggle you've had	 Gabbie!Ê I'm sure you're helping many	 many people :)																																__________________________LETS GO UNDERDOGS! GO GABBIE!!!!!!!!________________________________________________________________________																																				This video really opened up my eyes. Thank you gab __																																				i dont have a eating disorder but i eat a lot can u help me gabbie																																				Awwww...Gabbie, u r a true insperation and beautiful in every single way, words may bring u down but as long as u fight like a soldier u can win the war, and thats what i am trying to say to myself as well i also have anxiety and idk what i am about to start going to a therapist cuz i am very curious to what is exactly wrong with me , i am only a 13 year old girl im am not sure of much this is what i know. P.S. I give u full permission if u wanna read this in ur next vid, ily and u should too...______																																				"Honestly I really feel for gabby. I remember a few videos ago she said something like ""yeah I know I need to lose weight I'm working on it"" referring to people who had been commenting on her videos. I have never once looked at Gabby and thought that. I think she has a beautiful body and now learning that she has struggled with an eating disorder and that she has to read comments like that, I feel bad. I hope people won't comment on her size anymore now knowing her struggles. There shouldn't be anything to negatively comment on anyway; she's beautiful inside and out. Love you Gabby. <3"																																				I hate you so much.																																				This so inspirational __i needed this																																				I suffer from B. E. D and this video inspired me to start appreciating who i am and make a change in my life 	 thank you so much ____																																			I suffer from B. E. D and this video inspired me to start appreciating who i am and make a change in my life 	 thank you so much ____																																			Gabbie u r such an inspiration																																				The only part of the video that bothered me was she is beautiful I don't know why she hides under all of her makeup Gabbie if u read this know that u are beautiful no matter what																																				You're amazing and brave for sharing your story.																																				Good jog Gabbie																																				I'm so proud of you for sharing your journey! It means a lot to me and a lot of other people too and I know that you can do anything so keep up the work. I love you so so so much you're just perfect																																				Yasssss OMG																																				This was very inspiring Gabby! I've been struggling lately with negative thoughts about the way I look. I definitely need to stop comparing myself to other girls. I'm very happy that you are on a journey to a healthy	 happy life. Thanks so much for sharing. __																																			This hit me so hard. Thank you so much for posting this Gabbie. <3																																				gabbie you're skinny!!																																				Omg	 Gabbie	 that was so frickin inspiring.__________																																		thank you for this video Gabbie I have been told numerous times I was fat and it always made me sad but then one day when I was at my uncles house I had sunburned shoulders and I wanted to cover them up so they wouldn't get burned even more and he said you could wear one of my shirts but it would probably be to big cuz your so scrawny and it made me feel better that he said that																																				THIS VIDEO IS SO IMPORTANT																																				Gab this video help a lot because I have a eating disorder and Im only 10 and it hurts a lot but knowing you know how hard it is just makes me more pushed (in a good way) to eat more food and stop forcing my body to throw up literally nothing. You are your own perfect and please know that eating a lot and binge eating once in a while is okay. Ugh you're never gonna see this comment but I love you Gabbie__ just the way you are.																																				well done gabbie	 you are a good person. keep at it love ya xox																																			I love you :)																																				Am I missing something. I don't even think you're fat. And I'm not a fat person. You look just fine. I hope you can see that more as you go along.																																				Keep pushing. I know u can do it ________																																				________________																																				Thank you for sharing your story	 Gabbie. BTW I think you're beautiful.																																			I hope ya'll who called her fat feel like crap now.																																				go gabby! ____________________																																				Gabbie you are so beautiful																																				I've been overweight my entire life	 so I can relate to the plus size woman you spoke of. Personally for me whenever I have friends who are anywhere from 50-100+ pounds skinnier than me who call themselves fat	 it really can bring me down because whether they mean to or not	 if they call themselves fat then that makes me fatter. We all have our struggles with our bodies and sometimes we look at each other and wish we looked different than we do	 but we are all beautiful and deserve to feel comfortable in our own bodies. I've been hitting the gym and counting calories for two and a half months	 and although I haven't lost any weight yet	 I've gotten stronger	 my posture is better	 and I feel amazing! It will be a long journey to self acceptance but it will be so worth it in the end. Gabbie	 thank you for sharing your story with us all and reminding us that we are not alone in the journey that we call life. Your videos always put a smile on my face. Much love <3																											this video really opened my eyes to what im doing to myself. thank you	 gabbie <3																																			Good job Gab! I love you____																																				Awe gab congrats!!!																																				I love you. you're my inspiration																																				dear everyone suggesting going vegan: :/																																				I was going on YouTube to listen to 5sos not cry and love you more god dammit																																				________________ thank you.																																				"This literally me a little over a year ago. My friend who was a little chubbier was always saying ""We need to lose weight"" ""go on this diet with me"" ""you're getting fat"" (Mind you we were like 10-13 then, I'm 18 now) and it stuck with me for quite a while and instead of going on diets I just...stopped eating. I would never feel hungry and it resulted in me getting to a super unhealthy weight that I myself realized without doctors that I needed to gain weight. I didn't overeat or force food down my throat but I just started eating regular meals and snacks when I was hungry. I'm very happy with where I'm at now. :3 I'm so happy with my body and my boyfriend thinks I'm beautiful and that makes me happy."																																				I'm so happy for you Gabbie. Youre a huge inspiration to so many people. Us underdogs look up to you	 we truly do. You're such an amazung person.																																			You are so beautiful																																				YOU have an eating disorder?																																				I would like to now more __																																				Gabbie you are not fat believe in yourself don't let nobody tell you that your fat																																				"been struggling with starving myself for years I know the issue with swolling food i never eat in front of people ever I still cant and feel like i never will not even people i am very very close to i remember going on a date and i love popcorn and we went to the movies and my excuse was i hate popcorn and the whole 4 years time I dated him ""I hated popcorn."" i am down to 80lbs and with a lot of health problems. now that I finally got ""skinny"" people call me names say I do drugs and that I'm ugly and it's just a never ending battle no matter what no one will ever be perfect and that's so hard to realize. it's Just a long and hard struggle I dont leave the place I'm staying and I'm freaking out because I'm getting kicked out of here and just to have to figure out where to go while having to go outside it's really scaring me. thank you gabbie for this video."																																				ive had extreme eds in the past and going vegan is the only thing that has truly cured me mentally and physically	 it healed my relationship with food completely and opened up so many doors for me. just wanted to put this in the comments																																			i thought i was like idk 'done' with bulimia but then one of bulimic 'friends' started calling me fat and it all spiraled down from there																																				Gabbie you have a huge confidence for telling all these stories on this channel. I can relate to so many things you talk about. You're really funny and you look great. Everyone can improve themselves.																																				Gabbie you are such an amazing strong person	 ily honestly																																			Stay strong gabby. We love you so so much ____ Your beautiful ____ We are all here for you. Your so strong. ____ You are so strong no matter what ____																																				"Gabbie eating whatever you want isn't bad or ""fat"" weight it's happy weight it means you're happy don't ever look at it as you're being unhealthy or you're making bad choices if you need reassurances look at it as ""I'm happy"" I love you Gabbie and love yourself your the most beautiful and inspiring person you work hard and deserve all that come to you stay strong stay positive and stay who you are because weight is just a number and haters telling you you're fat are just assholes because that's one thing you should never point out in a person is their weight because you're perfect the way you are never stop making videos please because you're my inspiration______"																																				I feel like a complete different person after watching this video																																				I would love to hear your full story. I am struggling with an eating disorder as well.																																				i am happy that you are happier.																																				You're a huge inspiration Gab.....You and a handful of ppl inspired me to make a channel and i thank you soooo much for that...i love Youtube........Kepp doing what you are doing Gabbie <3																																				I love u Gabbie and I think your so beautiful you say your fate but your not I've seen your pictures on Instagram and I say to myself this girl is so skinny why does she think she fate your Beautiful Gabbie your not fate your prefect in my eyes ____________																																				thank you. this helped me allot__ I have eating troubles too																																				"Gabbie, you just put a huge impact on my life that I will never forget, you put a huge impact on the world, I see that I should now stop worrying aboutÊweight gainÊand worry about my strength instead. I was never a naturally skinny person and i'm quite strong for a girl my age, and I always compare myself to the ""popular"" girls in my school that weigh only like 70 or so pounds. I realize that they're like feathers and extremely skinny, and I really shouldn't compare myself to them but they're always calling me fat when i'm not. there's also the fact that my line of family has naturally bigger bones than normal. I think that everyone is beautiful no matter how much they weigh, how much acne they have, nor how many flaws they have. It only makes them unique.ÊI want people to embrace who they are. Thank you Gabbie, you probably won't respond to this message but I just wanna say that you're beautiful, in my opinion you're not fat, to me you're not skinny but you're not fat either you're way far from being fat, and I'm glad that you finally stood up and spoke for yourself, because I think who you are, is beautiful. Please don't take this the wrong way though. Ily I love your videos and you have full support from me. keep doing what you're doing (the youtube videos) and just be happy."																																				omagerd your so besutiful!																																				I get called fat and degrading names by close friends family and basically everyone at school and what I started to do was similar to yours . For example if i knew I was going to need to eat a meal that was fattening or bigger than a few fries and salad then I would miss a few days meals and then feel really guilty afterward anyway. I also didn't think it was anything close to an eating disorder until my closest friend brought it up however I am still somewhat in denial	 It is encouraging to hear your story because it kinda puts it into perspective that what I am doing is wrong but it is really hard to shake habits thank you Gabbie. xoxo																																			I am struggling with eating healthy. I have a personal trainer and have been working on gaining weight. But now I have gained it and I want to stay at this level. It's hard not to go back to eating crappy. I am also using a log which will help a lot as well.																																				Gabbie don't listen to haters cuz truth be told I think your really skinny I wanna look just like you when im an adult I love love love you and all your videos and I hope u never stop making YouTube videos :)																																				all this time i kept telling myself that i was fat because ive been told that i was far by people in the past and still now that im fit i still tell myself im fat because i compare myself to my big brother who workz out alot yet were the same cloth size but after watching this video i can finally tell my self that im not fat anymore.																																				gabbie. you are fucking beautiful.																																				i thought she knew how beautifull she was she makes me smile everytime she uploads. makes me sad to see her like that.																																				this is beautiful Gabbie <3 I love your more serious videos <3																																				Gabbie you aren't fat and thank you for sharing this with us. Love ya Gab																																				I understand you on the spitting the food out part cause I sometimes have a wave of that feeling for some time and I really want to eat that food but it's either spitting it out or swallowing the food and throwing it up																																				Honestly gabbie your so beautiful the way you are right now. I love you. Stay strong ____________																																				Gabbie this is so powerful. I am so proud of you																																				This was an amazing video	 thanks for sharing Gabbie!																																			thank you																																				"Wow. Gabbie this really hit me. Thank you SO much for making this video. I can't even put my thoughts in words. All of my friends tell me that I'm a ""stick"" but my problem is that I'm self conscious about eating in front of other people and eating with them. It restricts how much I'm eating and I know that's SO bad for me. Gabbie I love u and thank u so much for this vid!!!"																																				This hit me so hard. I'm teary eyed right now. Thanks for making this video.																																				I would love to hear your story gabbie																																				I would've never guessed you struggled with this. You're so pretty and confident in yourself. Wish I could be that confident. Glad you've figured out ways to over come this! Ps I like the serious topics. You can reach a lot of people on social media.																																				I hadÊthat thing where I couldn't swallow food either	 so I understand.Ê It's really hard to overcome stuff like this. Sometimes this thing happens where I can feel my stomach every second of the day	 like it's this huge burden	 for a weeks at a time	Êeven though I know it's all in my head. It is all-consuming	 as you said.																															Well some comments people are saying to her to stay strong. That is why she is so disrespectful and rude.																																				You're so inspiring Gabbie. I love you. You are beautiful and thanking you for being so open minded and real. Some Youtubers don't talk about some of these stuff. You're real. You're amazing. And so many people love you. :)																																				Thank you I really needed this even if you don't see this just know I appreciate you Gabbie and anyone else who needed this.																																				When people think eating disorders they think of starving yourself or forcing yourself to throw up. Sometimes they even acknowledge the binging that goes with those things. But very few think eating disorder and think of binge eating disorder. I binge	 there's no starvation or purging afterwards. I just eat and eat and eat and I don't know why. People assume I just like food	 they think that I'm just one of those quirky girls who's comfortable with eating around other people. I naturally am a skinny person	 I've been blessed that way. Because of that people didn't realize I gained 20 pounds over the summer. I went from underweight to average weight and nobody noticed or cared. Physically I'm fine with how I look. But I know deep down that it's so unhealthy. Eating an entire bag of chips and then some is just not healthy. The cellulite that I have on my lower body isn't healthy. If it was muscle mass I wouldn't care but it's not.																																	crying during this video. Not lying.																																				"Thank You For Making This Video Gabs. Your Honesty Inspires! I've Been Thinking For a Long Time, That I'd Like To Address Things I've Struggled With In Life; Out In The Open. And Even Maybe Make Video/s About It. (Which Terrifies Me, Let's Be Honest) Maybe It Could Help Others, and I Think It Would Be Beneficial For Me, To Be Open About It As Well. And Your Video Really Helps Take So Much Stigma and Fear Away. Thank You :) Love, Roux <3"																																				so happy for u																																				Gabbie you're one of the prettiest people that I know. Yes I know a lot of people	 and no I'm not lying. You're beautiful no matter what size.																																			If you are reading this have a great day____																																				+The Gabbie Show I'm so proud of you because you went through so much hell with your mental disorders. But you saw the light at the end of the tunnel and you achieved so much in just three years.																																				Whats her P.O Box?																																				Can you make another video about this but more in depth plz also I love you so much and this helped me alot																																				"""So I'm just gonna come out..."" mind: OMG IS GABBIE BISEXUAL OR SOMETHING ""...and say it."" mind: oh This is how you know you've been watching too many coming out videos."																																				I have an eating disorder to	 I get made fun of a lot because of it.																																			I don't really know what to say	 besides I love you	 you are awesome and you look and are sooo beautiful. Thank you for making me feel good about myself and encouraging people to be confident ____________________																																		ify																																				Gabbie this gave me goosebumps. This was beautiful and an eye opener and a great reminder. Stay healthy. Stay inspired. Keep inspiring others to get and or be healthy. And never forget that healthy looks different on everyone. Much love!! ______																																				"This may seem unorthodox but I to deal with anxiety. This come from Philippians 4. It is a great way to deal with anxiety. This helps me. Gabby, it might help you. 'Rejoice in the Lord alway: and again I say, Rejoice. Let your moderation be known unto all men. The Lord is at hand. (To me this tells me to smile, even sing, God is with me. I'm not doing this alone.) Be careful for nothing; but in every thing by prayer and supplication with thanksgiving let your requests be made known unto God. (Everything that brings anxiety, I ask him while thanking him for every blessing.) And the peace of God, which passeth all understanding, shall keep your hearts and minds through Christ Jesus.(Then I feel peace setting in.) Finally, brethren, whatsoever things are true, whatsoever things are honest, whatsoever things are just, whatsoever things are pure, whatsoever things are lovely, whatsoever things are of good report; if there be any virtue, and if there be any praise, think on these things. (I start thinking about the good things in my life, for example the tea at Canes chicken which tasted so good!!) Those things, which ye have both learned, and received, and heard, and seen in me, do: and the God of peace shall be with you. ( Then about the situations that cause anxiety and worry, I take from what I learned from all aspects of life and apply them to the situation, and my heart dwells in peace.) Philippians 4:4_-_9 KJV Gabby just thought this might help."																																				I LOVE YOU GABBIE SOOOOO MUCH <3																																				I would love to hear what your journey was but only if you are okay with saying what you want__																																				Your not fat at all thats crazy. I love your channel your such an inspiration for me and this video really made me feel so much better about myself__																																				This really inspired me to not worry about my body as much. Thank you so much and I'm so proud of you for this. You're such an inspiration to me																																				"I've have been really underweight for my whole life and had always been told to eat more and get some fat on my bones. The second I started to gain weight I didn't know what it was like to be a healthy weight so I thought I was getting fat. I started eating even less and sometimes not eating at all. But it didn't help I always thought I was fat even if I clearly wasn't and I didn't know what to do so I went days without eating and it wasn't until about a month ago that I realized I had a problem. This video really helped me a lot, I love you so much and just remember that you are beautiful. __ ""It's not about losing weight, it's about gaining confidence."""																																				This is so helpful. All of my friends are super skinny and have no stomach fat. Therefore	 I believe I'm fat. Thank you so much. I almost cried.																																			More in depth story!																																				I Had To Go to The Hospital For My Eating Disorders and I'm Still Recovering Thank You Making This Video__It Inspired Us All_																																				"Thank you so much for filming this video__I don't suffer from an eating disorder, but I can relate to some of the things you mentioned__It's really nice when you make these videos because we can see your ""personal"" or ""emotional"" side of you when your usually energetic and really fun!__It takes guts to share stories like this!__"																																				I loved this	 Thank you!																																			Thanks for sharing your story. I am starting counciling for my eating disorder is a couple weeks.																																				I really appreciate this video for a few reasons. Last summer was really tough for me. I was struggling with really bad acid reflex and I would be in so much pain that I would cry for hours when my mom came and stayed with me from Sanfrancisco. I also found out that I had a lactose allergy and I struggle with it as well to this day. I feel like my body fully does not digest food. I have anxiety as well and I'm on medication for it. It's a lot better but I still have my bad days. Just stay the strong woman you are today. You are pretty and don't let anyone tell you otherwise:																																				omg gabbie that really helped. I have been struggling but hiding it and this made me look at myself way better thank you so much																																				Oh shit this hit me HARD____																																				thank you so much for this video.																																				Gabbie, you literally are everything goals. body goals, hair goals, personality goals, and humor goals. Please don't fixate on something so stupid as your weight, when you literally have millions of people who love you beyond your understanding. <3																																				"""Instead of not eating for days, I can make healthier choices."" ~Looks at Oreos in the distance~"																																				Don't waste your thoughts on the number on the scale. Focus on being a healthy person instead. Eat healthy foods	 excersize	 drink water	 keep yourself clean	 eat healthy proportions as well. When those things become regular habits you'll find that your quality of life will increase. Your physical appearance isn't important	 your health and well being does. You matter not your weight.																															Gabi	 love you so fucking much. This can be a wake up call for so many people who like you	 didn't really know that they were sick. For those people	 you need to look back at your last year.. When I was only 12	 I developed severe anorexia at a fatal level. in and out of hospitals with feeding tubes and everyone making me gain weight and not seeing my puppy for 4 months because I was in treatment with people nagging for me to gain weight. All the bruises	 scars	 bones	 meals	 drugs	 midnight trips to the ER for IV fluids	 terrified friends	 hopeless doctors	 fake smiles	 panic attacks	 isolation	 losing faith	 forgetting my values	 and giving permission for my condition to deflate me	 belittle me	 nearly kill me	 and take everything I love and bottling it up and standing over the edge of a dock and dangling it over the edge of the water	 never to be returned	 all these scary things	 stole a fraction of my life away. And I knew that I would never live if I didn't find myself. And I did.													You're so inspiring and this has helped me so much __																																				Please please please be vegan it help me with everything																																				Gabby your so pretty and funny and my idol __																																				I just want to let you know Gabbie that you're so pretty and beautiful and I hope you don't think like this ever again because you're so beautiful and I want you to know that __and I love you so so much __________																																				I never thought u was fat																																				you are really pretty																																				gabby honestly	 this made me cry. I've been told various amounts of times of how fat I am	 how I'm always going to be fat and that I should maybe workout to make myself look skinier. people just don't understand that maybe I've tried and that I have worked my ass off not trying to convince myself that they are telling the truth. now back when I didn't understand how not to take shit from others	 I used to cry myself to sleep and tryied to starve myself. but something about you telling me your story open and freelessly	 makes me more of a confident person because knowing that the person I look up to in life is going through the same srrugkes just shows that I am not only. to me	 you're a hero in my book and you will always be bc you don't take the crap people say and just become more of a happier person. you're amazing gab don't ever forget that.																															Okay	 some people can be mean. Actually	 a lot of people. You see	 my school is real athletic and I'm not the best at that stuff. So I'm larger then a lot of girls in my school. And	 I feel really depressed about it cause kids at my school talk. Like talk about it and post about it and drama so this summer was really stressful cause if I gain the weight	 people will notice. When I look at people like you	 you inspire me a bit more but then I just give up. I look at you people as something I want to be. You're pretty and so inspirational and I just wanna be you. This is really long right now but I just wanted you to know that and now that I know your story	 this is mine right now.																													Why the fuck would you dislike this?																																				This is such an amazing thing! You had the courage to come out and talk to millions of people about your eating disorder	that take a lot and I'm so proud of you gabbie .even though I don't know her in real life it's safe to say that you are beautiful strong and you are one of my role models and motivations <33																																			This sounds so similar to what I went through. Thank you sharing Gabbie. I love you!__																																				Thank you so much gabby for posting this! I was feeling down about my body today and this really made me feel... Idk how to put it but it helped me out today. Thank you gabby ____																																				omg you made me cry and i have also struggled with feeling comfortable and wanting my own body.																																				Who ever says you are fat needs a fat lip. You are absolutely not and you are absolutely gorgeous!																																				awesome!!! love you! your beautiful!																																				The same thing happened to me even now sometimes I can't swallow my food it's like I'm paralysed no matter how hard I try I can't do it xx																																				aw gab	 i never knew your past. i used to do something similar to what you did	 but i've never gone through as much as you.																																		Such an inspiring video!__ love you gabs. You're a great role model for both your younger crowd and even the older! Love you!!																																				Please go in depth. This video was touching and I'm sending it to all the people I know who are struggling with the same issues.																																				Gabbie I love you so much	 I'm sorry that you have had trouble with problems like this. But i know it's gonna make you stronger. I look up to you because I have trouble with anxiety and things like that and your just such an amazing person! You make my bad days good when i watch your videos	 so thankyou for being you! Love you Gabbie no matter what shape	 size	 color	 or ethnicity you are! ____																															Beautiful message Gabbie! thank you for that!																																				This video hits me really close to heart thank you gabble for this																																				My heart. I 100% honest LOVE your body. I'm happy your better. Can you go more in depth with the story	 if that's okay.																																			I love you no matter what happens as far as eating disorders go. You are a wonderful person and you constantly make me laugh.																																				Instead of all these go vegan comments	 how about she just keep working with her trainer and continue to exercise and just be the best Gabbie you can be! It's not what others think about you	 it's about what you are comfortable with	 you can't change bone structure and genetics but you can be happy when you know you work on it and the results show. We are way over obsessed with body weight	 figures and total outside appearance. We come in all shapes and sizes the same as we do in color or race	 be yourself and be healthy	 your hips and butt and belly will react to your emotions the same as your mind! Love you Gabbie!																														"Ik you won't ever see this, but anyone who calls you fat is a bitch and can suck my ass hole till it bleeds. You're perfect just the way you are and don't let anyone change that. This video is so inspiring and made me cry a little, it made me realize,, ""don't judge a book by its cover, you don't know the story it holds"" - dr Seuss, is true. I woulda never thought you went thru this. And I'm so proud that you stayed strong and God bless that lady because she made you come into realization that you aren't fat. #teamunderdogsftw"																																				I feel sorry. But I am so glad you made this video to share to others. Ive had the same thing. I was gaining a little bit at a time but then i said to myself	 this is getting out of hand. So i did everything i could do and i wasnt eating enough calories. Just like you said. But to me it felt fine. But i eventually got back on track. I ate more. But it had more calories. And it was healthy. Thank you so much for sharing your feelings and stories with me/us.																																			your video just hit me so damn hard. Thank you.																																				currently trying to recover from my eating disorder. today was a hard day and this is what I needed. thank you for this. love you even more after seeing this.																																				I would like a more in-depth version of your story	 because this video helped me so much. Thank you so much from the bottom of my heart for letting me know that I'm not alone. You're such a strong person and I look up to you. I love you! -An Underdog/Showstopper																																			I love you																																				gabbie you're so beautiful please don't think you're not																																				Thank you Gabbie for opening up and telling people. I don't have an eating disorder but this I can tell is helping people with their disorders. On the other hand, you are awesome! Keep slayyyyying:D																																				the worst feeling ever is having phobia from being fat																																				thank you______																																				I would like a more detailed video if you're okay with it. Don't do anything for us you don't want to do __																																				<3																																				This hit me really hard I have tears running down my face I really really appreciate you making this video I know your hardly gonna read this it care but it's really inspiring thank you so much ____																																				That moment everyone is america a therapist and meanwhile in scotland u just say ah fuck thats life																																				Im still in that state where i cant really eat food and keep it down ive been struggling for a while it really helps me to know that im not alone with this i love you Gabbie __																																				i struggle with an eating dissorder quite like yours and your a very true person and never let someone change who you are because i love who you are																																				Would love a more I depth story of your journey	 love you gab! This was really inspirational																																			I think that magazines and celebrities are a big part of why people get eating disorders. Photoshopping and having the 'perfect body' can get people questioning whether they have the 'perfect body' or not. Everyone is beautiful. Everyone has the perfect body. No one should be ashamed of what they look like all because of a magazine that photoshopped a model. We should all love ourselves the way we are. __________																																				I'm so flipping proud of you Gabbie	 damn. You talk about so many serious issues and do it in a way that is so inspiring and I can't believe how amazing you are for using your internet influence to express these issues and provide your opinions and advice. Keep being you hun because you are an inspiration xx																																			I love you Gabbie! You should always smile cause you are beautiful! You are strong and amazing.																																				You are enough in God's eyes	 just as you are. You have a heart of gold Gabbie. __																																			please tell us more																																				Gabbie, this is the most inspiring video I've ever seen. This may help me because I think I'm fat because I have really skinny friends and when I look my body I feel really bad. This year I have prom, and I don't like searching for dresses because when I see pictures of dresses, I'm like mmm this won't fit on me and i stop searching because I feel bad That why this video means so much to me, because one of the most inspirational person to me, passed through the same situation as me and she got over it. MEANS A LOT. LOVE YOU GABBIE ________________																																				I think a lot of people will find this helpful :)																																				You go gabby	 just remember if you fall you have over a million people to catch you __ stay strong																																			This helped me so much with body confidence...thank you!																																				i once couldn't swallow food and it was so annoying																																				You are such a fucking inspiration to me__																																				I've always found you so attractive																																				Gabbie	 you're beautiful. Plus	 you're the only few girls i can jack off to who are fully clothed	 so there's that.																																	Gabbie I have always admired you because your not perfect but always try to put yourself back on track ILYSM__																																				I got stood up today on a date and I couldn't stop thinking if it was because I'm not skinny. I'm tall	 curvy and have broad shoulders. I needed to hear this. Thank you for showing me that I'm not alone in my insecurities but I know we can all look past them to see how great we are as a people.																																			you go gabbie																																				I tried so hard not to cry during this video	 but the song at the end hit me. One of my aunt's friends said that that song reminded her of me because I always hide behind makeup and am not happy with myself. I grew up with everyone telling me I'm not pretty enough or thin enough. Inside I felt like I was pretty and had an amazing body	 but everyone would put me down because I wasn't as thin or pretty as them. I'm still working on confidence. I have an amazing boyfriend that's helping me through it. It was hard at times but I'll get through it. Just last year I was sitting in class crying because I kept looking at other girls wishing I was them. Just wishing I had their high metabolism. But I talked to people. I got help and listened to people like you	 Gabbie. Thank you. Your videos always make my day. ______																																	I love u Gabbie. Ur so amazing and inspiring. I have terrible anxiety but ur videos help me. thank u Gabbie . Thank u. This video is amazing and I don't care if ur videos are funny or not. Ur here and that is great. U helped me a lot and I just can't thank u enough. I know for a af act u won't read this but I just needed to post this comment. Thank u again Gabbie and I love u ur awesome. __________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________																																				Dear Gabbie_, I'm not suffering from any illness like other people, I don't get bullied and I tbh I don't really expect you to read this but I am always consumed by thoughts on how I look and how much I weigh and how to look better. I am honestly well and truly sick of my own brain. it's as if I'm tricking myself into disliking myself and it just eats me up....... I am very unconfident and not very social because I feel people will judge me... I'm different and I feel upset as if it's a bad thing and I just honestly wanna cry and idk what to do.__ I haven't told anyone this and I just keep it to my self because I don't really have anyone I feel I could tell not even my parents.. Thank you gabbie for making me feel better I can always count in you channel to cheer me up___																																				Props to you hun. If more people were honest about their mental health when it comes to depression	 anxiety	 eating disorders etc there would be a whole lot less stigma. I hope and pray that your relationship with food becomes more and more positive. I'm the only one in my family	 to be on the record with a history of eating disorders but I recently realised that I am now the one with the healthiest relationship with food	 so I am happy to say I am recovered!																																Nooooooooo Gabbie you are not fat no im sure every one of your subs think you are not fat do not think that																																				you are beautiful. thank you for being an inspiration.																																				You are amazing I love you and your body (not in A weird way) every pound of you is just more to love about you																																				I hate it how people assume that going vegan will solve all their problem also don't yell at me about Veganism I'm vegan																																				Such a brave video to post	 thank you for this	 it did me a world of good __																																		please do more stories like this																																				I used to hear about eating disorders and I thought it was such a simple thing. Until I had one and honestly it was the most depressing and worst thing I have ever been through. I hated it so much because it toke over my whole entire life. I lost so many people and I lost so many chances																																				Gabbie u are so right thanks for the confidence ur great																																				"Oh my god Gabbie!!!! Thank you!!! When you started talking about the women in the pool it really moved me. I've always compared myself to my siblings because they are all skinny and I'm the only big one. Then when you said "" your before photo might be someone's goal photo "". This really hit me. There are so many people out there that are probably bigger then me and want to be at least my size. This video taught me so much. The doctors have sent me to many dietitians and they all say the same thing but this story makes me want to become more heathy and be confident in my body. Thank you for making me cry and I would love to see you get into a deeper talk about this. It would really help me and probably a whole bunch of other people. Thank You Thank You Thank You!!!!"																																				Love you Gabbie.																																				thank you so much for making this video. I also have a very very bad eating disorder and I have since I was 7. I am 14 now and still have it and I'm still clinging to it. I don't know why and I don't know how to stop. I've tried everything and I'm almost at the end of my rope and I'm ready to end it all. I'm tired of fighting with food and my body. at one point in my life I decided to try and end it but my mom found me(thank God). today I found your video and hearing your story and realizing I'm not alone. I have God my fam friends and well	 you!! I'm ready to continue on this long	 scary and hard journey. THANK YOU SOOO MUCH!!______																																		I didn't even notice that you have lost weight becus I never looked at you'r body and thought she's fat but niw that you said that I have notice that you havle lost sooo much weight I'm sooo prouf of you keep going girl																																				so many people could be saved from getting sucked into an eating disorder if they had a real understanding of what being healthy is and how to maintain a healthy wieght. bc starving yourself will never help you lose weight or be healthy long term. eating disorders are illogical af. and i realize that being informed isnt all it takes to overcome a psychological disorder. i hope gabbys vegan friends encourage her to start eating a mostly plant based. veganism has helped so many people (plenty here on youtube) recover from ED's :)																																				"It's our struggles that make us stronger and our criticism that makes us asses!Ê Thank you for your honesty and transparency.Ê You are beautiful and I believe that is on the outside as well as on the inside!!!Ê Please keep up the great work you are doing on here. . . and there's a time and a place for haha funny videos, and you have plenty of them, so these occasional ""serious"" topics are desperately needed by today's generation.Ê Think of all the young people who will watch this and the ones who will take notice of their difficulties and seek help. . . even if just one!Ê That makes you a hero in my book.Ê Hugs to you!!!"																																				You're beautiful Gab :) thanks for sharing this																																				Thank you																																				im literally in love with your whole being																																				Ur a true inspiration																																				"I was actually quite surprised at this video. 1. Because I never looked at gabbie as fat...2. I never relized that she was so insecure about her body. 3. I always looked at gabbie and was like ""wow she has so much confidence!""4. She's absolutely incredible 5. I'd never seen anyone so comfortable with putting these things on the interwebsNow you should never look at someone and think to yourself or say to someone ""wow they're really fat"" cause gabbie said ""don't assume that you know somebody or their problems"" so if you know someone going through something like that the best thing you can do is be there for them. Don't tell them ""oh ya you're FINALLY gonna lose some weight?"" Say ""hey do you want me to train with you today or something?"" Just be there for them______"																																				Gabbie	 you are a beautiful person the was you are.																																			Amazing																																				____________																																				As someone who also struggled with an eating disorder for years	 this video made me tear up a bit. You are so brave Gabbie	 I am proud of you! I was also terrified of food	 you can't really understand what it's like having every moment of your life	 every thought being consumed by the obsessive way you think about food. And even though many people hate her guts	 I will always be thankful to freelee (yes I know you might hate me now) for opening up my eyes	 and pushing me towards overcoming my eating disorder. She taught me not to be afraid of food	 eat	 live and be happy. I wish you all the best on your journey Gab _																												"Up until I got into my freshmen year in highschool I was made fun of for my weight, and that takes a huge toll on a person mentally. This video means a lot to me because I struggle with being comfortable in my own skin and I obsess over how I'm going to lose weight when I have a hard time controlling the types of things that I eat. ""Healthy"" has never been my strong point, but it's listening to inspirational videos like this that make me think that maybe I can actually achieve my goal"																																				"I always had to buy ""Husky"" sized clothes when I was younger being overweight since I was about 5 or 6 only getting worse as I got older. I'm 5'9 and after HS weighed around 230 all fat. The first time my friend shot me up with heroin we went to Wal-Mart and I remember walking around not caring at all if anyone was looking at me thinking I was fat, and thinking that I should be feeling this way about myself all the time!! Short story is I got heavily addicted (duh!) and drastically lost weight, gaining some back whenever I'd try to get clean (again, duh!!) to now we're I'm about 165 pounds but I still have a small pot belly and some fat around my arms, legs, thighs, hips, I can't get rid of an I still feel disgusting even though everyone around me now complains of me being too skinny instead of too fat, but I jus don't see the skinniness myself! Body dismorphia is so real it hurts, an I sympathise with everyone else out there with it! Stay strong Gabs, no matter what your beautiful inside and out, why else would so many people want to be interested in your life if you weren't!! Funny or not jus stay positive!"																																				I love you Gabbie. :) You make my day.																																				Gabbie	 you are so inspiring. I truly enjoy your videos. The funny and the serious ones at that. Everybody struggles with something and others with many things. For years I've fought with depression	 anxiety and body image. You are so right about focusing on the health and not on the weight. I thought about that the other day when I received my lab results and I was like	 shit! All this time I thought the number on the scale was the problem. It's eating habits	 how active you are and etc. You're amazing and I thank you for all that you do! __																																Aw	 Gabbie this is such an amazing video! We all love you don't listen to the haters! ______________________																																			I love you so so so much we are all here for you remember that You are perfect the way you are I'm your biggest fan and you look Skinnyer and I'm proud of you love you																																				damn gabbie u are not fat u thick it's 2 different things thick is more preferred over skinny too so u good and u fine to and u got an ass so u straight lol																																				"""You don't know their demons"" Something we should all think about next time you make a comment about someone."																																				I wish I could love this __																																				this inspired me I always used to think I was fat because comparing and then I was told sizes don't matter and its whats inside that counts . Then I figured out I was average weight and haters gonna hate																																				i know david told you u r fat... that b dont care aboute him ps i love you and youre squad yes david too he got good vlogs hahaha																																				I would like to hear a deeper version to this story	 I feel like she needs to get out more than what she's trying to say and I don't think any of her friends would understand what she talks about so she comes to us and I think some of us would would have a connection and an understanding and I think Gabbie could heal																																			Gabbie	 you r literally the most perfect person...																																			Such an inspiring video																																				I'mm sorry you got a sunburn gabbie. Hopefully it goes away soon. __																																				Thank you.																																				I used to be very skinny and underneath the bottom of underweight	 and I hated to eat a lot. Now I'm a healthy weight and am in a sport and eat alot. But I am still skinny																																			It's OK Gabby	 I've had an eating disorder too. And it lasted for about a year:(																																			ik have 2 ppl who have eating disorders to look upto	 yaaaay!!!!! #lovatic #watshouldwecallgabbiefans???? #fanarmy																																			People suggest to go vegan are just doing harm! Subsisting an ed for another way to control your food is not healthy																																				I want to know more about it Gabbie. I want to know how you felt and feel.																																				This is so inspiring. I looked at my self in the mirror that I'm fat. I feel like this message changed my life. My family jokes at me saying I'm fat. I lived with it	 and now	 I don't feel like I'm fat anymore. Thank you so much gabbie. Your inspiring to me :)																																		thank you gabbie this was the motivation I've needed :) <3																																				""" It took me by surprise that anyone would look at me and say, ""Wow, I wish I had her body."" because I've never wanted my body before."" Well I want your body, heh, heh."																																				I LOVE U GABBIE																																				You are not fat! Never think that!																																				gabbie you are beautiful and dont think you fat you are amazing i love you																																				People saying Gabbie is fat & Im just here thinking she's goals ______																																				Thank you so much for posting this Gabbie	 you are so brave!! I've had an eating disorder for most of my life	 and recently I had to quit gymnastics because of how it's affecting my health. It really does start to consume every aspect of your life. I'm really glad that you're getting help for yourself. People like you inspire me and bring a little light back into my life :) Thanks for being you	 stay awesome!!! <3																																	Everything about you is beautiful! __																																				I go/went through the same Gabbie__																																				<3 <3 <3																																				can we have the full length journey like what u said or something__																																				You keep cinnamon whiskey in your purse? (I watch too much buzzfeed).																																				This is pretty much exactly what Lindsey Stirling talks about in her book. Anorexia sounds like total hell. Although I've definitely been self-conscious about my weight most of my life (like most people are these days)	 I couldn't imagine having a disorder like anorexia. It destroys you physically and emotionally	 and destroys any relationships you're even able to muster. I'm truly sorry that you have to go through that. Hopefully one of these days you'll be able live a happy and fulfilling life.																																		__																																				"""It's not about losing weight, it's about gaining confidence"" __________"																																				gabby you are such a huge roll model im 13 and i have a eating disorder but its the opposite of yours. im not over weight but i have a high triglyceride which is basically my sugar in take so i could get diabetes no i am not comfortable in my own skin but i am know as the girl who dosent give a shit. i think i may be bipolar because one minute i dont care and the net im crying because in reality i do. i just dont know but this year i have a goal to over come all of the dhit going around im my head and i recently opened up to three of my best friends one of which has an eating disorder too and we all have our own problems an demons im just gladthat you a are overcoming yours congratulations gabby!!1! (SORRY ABOUT GRAMMER I DIDNT TRY oshit i turned capslock on owhale)																																				This really helped me gabby.I'm really struggling with my weight and loving my body.I'm trying to be healthy but then I just worry about losing a certain amount of weight	somedays i even don't eat thinking I would be fine but it's not. Hopefully I can get through it																																			I just wanted to hug you __																																				I really needed this. Thank you so much. It takes someone with the same struggle to make you realize you're not treating yourself the way you should	 and I haven't been for years. My mental attitude towards my body is so negative	 when everyone around me is telling me they wish they looked the way I did. I always just shrug at the ground	 because I don't want my body	 so how could anyone else? I'm not even overweight	 and I exercise regularly	 but I'm having such a hard time shaking this horrible self image. But thank you so mug for making this video	 because my eyes have been opened just a little bit more.																													You're so brave to share this Gabbie	 I really think this helps people even if they don't have an eating disorder																																			Gabbie who cares about your weight. if people can't get over your weight then they are not worth your time																																				I was born naturally skinny	 but I've had friends always call themselves fat or big when they were a little bigger than me. Whether they were big or not	 I don't like it when people talk bad about themselves. Especially when it's not true. Hopefully they will realize that they aren't big and will give in to self love.__																																		I am only two minutes into this video and I wanted to say how proud I am of you to make a video like this. it must of been very difficult for you to share this with a lot of people. You are amazing gabbie. love you lots																																				Veganism is not the solution to everything lol to everyone in the comments who's telling her that she should go vegan																																				thank you																																				This reminds me of Demi Lovato because it's so motivating. It is so brave of her to share this.																																				AMERICA....																																				I'm 12 years old... I'm 5'5 and today was the start of my running diet... I weigh 111.26 lbs. All i have eaten today is a fried egg. It's 4:30 in the afternoon. I'm a size 2 in jeens. And i want to be a size zero. I don't have a flat stomach. and i hate it. i think i may be anorexic. thank you gabby for opening my eyes... but the numbers on the scale are just to high. they have to go down.																																				This really made me cry. Thank you for being a role model for me. You don't know how much this means to me. __																																				My god it sounds like you're talking about me. I want to lose weight but I always do the same thing - eat bad	 restrict	 eat at night	 restrict	 repeat. I'm kind of a picky eater and I hate working out and have very little money to spare on the gym as it is. I so badly want to be where I used to be six years ago but I just feel stuck and I want to lose weight. I wish I could like eating healthy and feeling happy about it																																You are not fat I wish I was u																																				"gabbie, seriously you arent fat at all. everyones different and your perfect the way you are; naturally. Also dont listen or read any more mean comments because they obviously have nothing nice to say so clearly they have a shit life. love you gabs #teamunderdogs"																																				go vegan react to the black butler corset scene in a youtube video																																				I can totally relate for a couple of months earlier this year I was working out and not eating a lot. I was scared that all my hard work would come back on my body. I always thought I was fat and weighed myself everyday. My family started then calling me skinny. And i honestly thoight they were lying. But you were right	 it was my head telling me that. This past couple of weeks I have started to eat normally/healthy and had more focus on my happiness. And it has worked in all areas. I can totally relate. The many days i had not wanting to go to school becuase I was scared of what people would think of me.																																			GABBIE I'M GLAD U OVERCOMED URE PROB! can u do a more in depth story people would love that!																																				1- you are beautiful and amazing I was so touched by this story THANKYOU because I now realize nobody really is perfect especially my idols and I really thank you because I know I'm not perfect and I feel alone all the time and I realized I am not alone thank you thank you THANKYOU gabbie I'm so happy for you please realize you have an amazing sexy body and I love you so much __																																				You're perfect the way you are girl	 forget what the comments say! Lots of love your way																																			I never knew you struggled with what im struggling with this inspires me to turn out like you are now i love you and your channel xx																																				Very brave of you to do this video. I highly respect you for doing this but I do wanna say I haven't ever thought of you in a negative way I don't judge anyone for the they look or what weight they are. I think you look amazing! And u have always done! I think it takes only yourself to really see it I Propel can say some thing to you but u need to see if for yourself. U are an inspiration and a true gem of a human being! Never give up on your goals but always know u are u and you are fucking awesome!! Eat what you want but keep yourself fit. That's how I roll anyway haha X hope ur well and hope u get a chance to read this comment take care Hun x																																				Incredible	 Gabbie. Love you!																																			Oh god	 I just want to hug you! Thank you soo much for making this video <3																																			Gabbie I love you no matter what and I'm so happy for you!!!																																				I need the know more!!																																				You are the best ily gabbie ______																																				__ I'm crying I'm fat people in my family say I'm fat I need to stop eating and I'm going to be a whale and then I tell them its my body and they always make me feel bad__																																				I always thought I was fat but I see now. Thank you	 Gabbie. You really opened up my eyes!																																			I recently found out that i had one and this isnpired me																																				I love you Gabbie! You are such an inspiration to me	 and to many others! I love the messages you send out to people and I admire how you stick with your beliefs no matter what others say! I love your humor and no matter who makes fun of you	 know that there are so many people out there	 like me who love you just the way you are! You are beautiful	 and if I had a goals meter	 you would break it with your amazingness! Keep up your great work!____																															you are so strong Gabbie __ Many people can relate to this issue	 and all I think about is my weight and my appearance. Diabetes runs in my family	 and I try so hard. I want to be healthy and eat healthy also eat small proportions. Its so hard for me and I just can't do it. If anyone can comment and help me please. Whats a healthy meal and what can i do to be more healthier. I need to be on a diet and eat small proportions. Please help																																		I know how you feel when you say it hurts to be hungry. this was just because I was sick	 but there was literally no food in my stomach and it hurt so bad.																																			"""It's not about losing weight. It's about gaining confidence."" I will keep that quote with me forever.________"																																				I have an eating disorder and I'm trying to get rid of it and become a bit more 'normal' and stop myself from gaining weight ._.																																				I love you Gabbie <3 this really helped me and you don't even KNOW how much...Thank you so much and I hope to keep watching your videos because I really love your personality and you just keep me company...__																																				"stupid ricegum 12 year old fans in the comments be like ""Take this L ______ boi she wear too much makeup boi ____ what are thooosee__"""																																				I am currently dealing with anorexia and you really are a role model I will always look up to you																																				gabbie	we are happy for you and no matter what i want you to know that one person is currently saying that you are beautiful	i know this person.																																		Great video even if you said you didn't rehearse or anything it was actually really really good! I'm glad that you're in a better place about this and that you can share this with us. I've struggled with my weight my entire life too maybe not an eating disorder but I still really appreciate this video because I know everyone can get something positive and helpful out of it :)																																				you're fat? whoever is saying that is a fucking mental patient																																				Love u gabs________																																				stay strong girl	 you are beautiful inside and out.																																			There was a time in my life where I wouldn't dare go over 200 calories a day. I'm proud of Gabbie for sharing her story <3																																				I bet David feels like a dick now																																				You are amazing	 so many people are proud of you and they are supporting you for anything.... I love so much! You help me get through some tough times <3																																			holy shit i thought she meant she ate like a real goldfish out of a tank																																				Its people like you that make me feel confident and comfortable in my body..I love you so much gabbie and I loveee the message in this video<3																																				the song goes perfectly																																				"I relate to this video so so much. I love you so much Gabbie. you're amazing and so brave. I'm proud of you. you're incredible. thank you, for showing me that it's okay not to be perfect and okay not to be a ""skinny minny"". I'm proud of you."																																				so that's why you cried about that apple!?!?!?!?!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!1																																				I have anxiety	 a lot lately it's gotten worse I had a panic attack tonight in France I just don't know what to do																																			just made a paper diamond. random. Also great video gabbie. feel so happy for you! Your videos inspire me! :*																																				Try going vegan! it's so healthy and i can guarantee that you will feel sooooo good																																				"I feel you, Gabbie. I was the same way through hs & college. ""Starve"" diet to lose barely any weight, then I'd gain 2x that amount back the moment I ate like a normal person again. It wasn't worth it and looking back on myself then, my natural body was so beautiful and normal and healthy and I destroyed it :( Trying to get thin the healthy way now, but it's tough with chronic illness. You and your insta posts about working out keep me inspired though ________________________"																																				I woyld really love to see a more in depth video	 but obviously make sure u r 100% confident with it	 you know more than anyone that what goes on the internet stay on the internet ____																																		i've always thought Gabbie was so pretty and had a nice body!!!																																				This is very inspiring for everyone to love themselves and to be healthy.																																				I feel really bad for you																																				"Wow, thank you so much for this video. The ironic part was that today I was playing around with my grandmas dog and my mom took a video of it to send to my stepdad. And I looked at the video and as soon as I saw myself, I said, ""wow, I'm fat"". And I come from a Spanish family so we like to cook really big suppers and today was one of those days, I thought to myself, ""I regret eating"" and I guess I'm always come perusing myself to these girls with the thinnest waist, the skinniest legs, the longest hair, their cloths, everything that I'm not and what I don't have. I doubt you'll see this but you made me laugh through my toughest times and you put a smile on my face, so thank you Gabbie, love you lots."																																				You are TRULY a beautiful human being Gabbie. <3 I love you soooo friggin much!!																																				Your an inspiration __																																				I'm so happy I came across this video I struggle with the same food and weight issues. It's One of the most difficult things I've ever had to deal with in my life. And it helps to know I'm not alone.																																				Been there before. Now its the other way around																																				Gabbie you are so beautiful and brave. I'm very glad that you've made this video because a lot of people	 myself included	 are very self conscious. We try so hard to become perfect when there is no such thing. You have inspired me to be confident in myself and to not worry about what people think all the time	 and to start worrying more about what I think. Thank you and I love you so much!																																	I love u Gabbie ur the best I am really proud of you I hope you know that you are a huge inspiration in my life because how beautiful and perfect you are and how skinny you are now that you came out saying the things you did made me really think about how I look at myself I used and still do think of myself as fat like really fat but you made me realize that I should be doing this thing of loosing weight or looking at the scale and seeing what the number is but now I should focus on my health and not how I should look i should realize that I am beautiful and perfect and pretty like you are thank you Gabbie your the best I love you ____																																				I think everyone has these worries. I used to work out for hours on end when i was younger but i later found out it was to combat really bad anxiety and depression. I understand where you are coming from because people used to call me fat thats why I did that. Great video Gabbie keep it up.																																				again	 I think we're the same person																																			Can you talk about friends	 or how to deal with problems with them. Because lately	 I've been feeling like I have no friends. Like no one wants to hang out with me. And like no one cares about me	 or my feelings. I've lost so many important friends because of who I had surrounded myself with other then them. And I know the people I had surrounded myself with weren't good influences. I have this one person who I care about very much	 and I've grown apart from her a lot because of some of the people I've hung out with. And they weren't good people. And she got frustrated with me because she only cared about me. I just want some advice on how to deal with people who you shouldn't surround yourself with	 and how to take them out of your life in a nice way.How to bring people you care about back into your life.And how to deal with relationships you care about	 but not sure if the other person does	 and how to find out if the other person does.Also how to deal with depression and self Image.																													Gabbie	 you arent and never were fat!! At the most you were curvy... but even then you were beautiful!																																			WE LOVE YOU SO MUCH GABBIE																																				Please do a more in depth one I feel like it could help a lot of people ____																																				Madam	 thank you so much for this video	 it's been truly inspiring. But more so	 you did an absolutely superb job on your makeup for this video. Thank you	 once again	 for all of the joy you bring to each and every one of your viewers :)																															Well this made me feel a lot better about myself thx Gabbie :D																																				i Love You																																				What an amazing message and THANK YOU so very much for this video. I think you are absolutely beautiful and I'm proud of you. I don't have an eating disorder	 but I am not happy with the way I look. It is something I need to work on more. Thank you again!																																			_______																																				this is so inspiring since lately I haven't been feeling confident and trying to not gain weight and not being comfortable in my skin. this made my life and state of mindÊway better	 thanks Gabbie much love.																																			I really love you!! please notice me it's my birthday____																																				I love that I'm eating popcorn wall watching this video																																				I'd enjoy an in depth video	 only if you're comfortable though!_																																			this is hitting me so hard..love you Gab																																				im 120 pounds and im 11 and people call me fat and i constantly want to lose weight but i dont want to stop eating and idk what to do so if anyone knows what to do please tell me thanks																																				love it so much																																				ugh i love you so much you dont even know!!! Thank you for this Gabbie seriously thank you <3 <3 <3 <3 xoxox																																				I love this																																				4	375																																			Gabbie you're gorgeous	 I know that won't change your opinion of yourself but you are. I have had bulimia off and on for a year or two	 I try to skip meals as often as possible and sometimes exercise to the point where I feel faint. Whenever I am being still whether it be standing up or sitting down I will be groping at my fat so I can feel so far I have to go. I have recently come out as bi and I don't if I could be with another woman because I feel like I would just be comparing myself to get xxx																																		I'm recovering from both anorexia and bulimia and this really helped me __ It took a lot of bravery to make this video and I'm really thankful you did																																				Thanks for sharing your story!! I'm sure that wasn't easy for you!! I'm so proud of you and how far you've come!! __																																				thank you gabbie																																				omg this is so depressing																																				i'm in tears	 i really really REALLY needed to hear this today																																			i do not know why but i seriously thght you meant goldfish... i was just wtf.... then after 30 seconds my brain started working and i relized your refering to crackers. i was like damn you mustv been really hungry at first.																																				i know that this is a serious vid and I love u sooooo much gabb but the face at 2:10																																				Love you and I you are not fat to eat your body everyone and Gabbie ______________																																				Thank you so much for making this. I've dealt with eating disorders for years and only recently come out of it. It was so hard to see what had happened until I came out of it. I think it's really important to spread awareness because many girls out there don't even know they have eating disorders. Thanks for using your platform for good :)																																				Very inspiring __ so badly needed to hear this and I didn't even know I needed to__ I've never felt so good about myself like I feel after watching this ____																																				I do want to hear your story but im scared that if something happens then I'll probably cry for a couple days because i would have felt like i got to know you through these videos.																																				I really relate and loved how open you were about your body struggles. In High school girls almost treated eating disorders like a trend	 and it was really common for people to offer Adderall as a appetite suppressant. I think your video is so relatable and I think it would be really cool to start a movement to promote treating yourself well and trying your best to be healthy																																			Great advice thanks Gabbie so inspirational ____________																																				I'm always told that I'm fat but in nicer ways. When I was younger I was over weight for my height and then around 12 to 14 I was skinny. I weighed a healthy 115 to 120 for my 5'4 height. But when I was 14 I had a seizure and was put on pills that made me gain weight. I'm now 16 and weight 185 pounds because of it and have severe body issues due to this immense weight gain. This video was great. I really appreciate you making it.																																				so proud of you <3 i loved how you said its not about loosing weight its about gaining confidence --- i have dealt with a lot of body issues for my whole adolescent life so this was really really inspiring thank you so so so so much <3 <3 <3																																				it's so crazy how eating disorders can manipulate your thinking. the last time I restricted or purged was about 2 months. :) this is something if struggled with from a young age and I've bounced between recovery and falling back into old habits for years. but I'm really trying to stay healthy now. your are beautiful and extraordinary in your own way. own it.																																				Your amazing______ so brave	 I love you soooo much																																			Reasons why I love you Gabbs __																																				This so sad __ I saw her eyes she was wanted cry __ but am happy she got over it__																																				Background #CopyReactionTime																																				This video was awesome I was feeling really down about 4 days ago and it was about this topic and I'm so happy she posted something like this																																				You are so brave	 we love you and you are so beautiful. Stay strong. ____																																			You are so brave	 we love you and you are so beautiful. Stay strong. ____																																			I don't cry easily because I've been told that no one cares about my feelings and that crying won't make anyone care. but this.. this almost made me cry. I've dealt with so much judgment. all my life I've been called fat. I'm 18 and a female and like every other person in middle school I wanted to be in a relationship. one day a guy asked me out and I saw his friends laughing. he then told me that they dared him to ask me out. I've always struggled with my weight. I've starved myself. I went a week where everyday I would eat a good meal then go force myself to throw it up because I would tell myself that I ate too much and that I'll only get fatter.. during school I would take salads for lunch everyday instead of eating other bad foods and was told that a salad won't fix my problem of being fat because the damage was already done.. I've honestly never felt comfortable in my own body. I want to get all this plastic surgery when I'm older because I was never the skinny beautiful girl in school with the great body.. I feel like I'm trash and all I want is to finally have someone interested in wanting to date me. people always say it's not about looks but come on. look at this world	 it is all about looks. it's sad but true.																																			A few years ago when I was 12 I was trying to not eat anything and it got to the point where people in my year who weren't even friends with me and had never even really talked to me before were saying they never saw me eat and were worried. I remember at one point during French I turned to my friend and she said I was completely white and I said I didn't feel well so the teacher said I could go to the office and as a stood up I just fell down from the lack of food I'd had. It was about 2pm and id eaten nothing. Teachers kept asking what I'd had to eat cause I was always being sent home due to fainting or feeling dizzy. I kept feeling fat but the feeling of hunger kept me going. I ended up beginning to eat normally once my friends said they'd tell my mum or a teacher about it if I didn't start to eat. Now I'm 16 (almost 17) and I log my exercise and calories into an app with my mums supervision so we can both be healthy. My new goal isn't to be thin it's to be healthy :)																																				I love you gabbie!!! stay strong and thank you for sharing your story! <3 xoxo																																				You are beautiful and You Rock!! Your body look great from my point of view and I hope one day you can look in the mirror and see how beautiful you really are..																																				thank you for sharing this you are so brave																																				Gabby	 I am so proud of you that you made this video. It's incredibly hard to talk about and even harder to talk about it with the platform you have. That being said	 it's important that people with your type of platform talk about these issues because so many people are dealing with this and they are scared and feel like they are alone. When I first found out about my eating disorder	 I would laugh it off. I was always full	 I was fooling myself when I pretended to eat. It was only when someone sat me down and explained what was happening that I realized I was dying. I wouldn't have made it to 22 if I didn't have some of the support that I needed over the years. I still always feel full	 I still gag when I eat	 and my mind is so warped from all of those years of abuse I put my body through since I was 12. I'm proud of you and that you are working through it. It won't ever go away but dealing with it is almost like defeating it	 it's not going to be the reason I die and that makes me incredibly strong	 even if I feel weak.																												"""It's not about losing weight it's about gaining confidence"" Gabbie I feel that! February was the year mark of me being out of treatment and I still struggle everyday. It's hard but I'm glad you're doing so well!"																																				Stop trying to make her become vegan she will and can make her own decisions and doesn't need people telling her or suggesting what to do she is a grown women with an eating disorder who I am very proud of for getting this off her chest. Stop trying to make her go vegan																																				I feel like I have some sort of eating disorder. or mental disorder. but it's only because I always compare myself to what my friends naturally look like. and how people really close to me always call me fat. and that I need to watch what I eat. I don't think they understand how mentally deteriorating that is. I look at myself in the mirror and I don't see anyone worth looking at. I'll try on clothes and I can't feel beautiful in them because I have a crease in my back. or because my stomach pokes out a little more. and my friends always talk about my boobs and how they're big. and they think it's funny. but all I feel is self conscious about them. I feel like they make me look fatter. and I know that I could lose weight. but doing that also costs money. to join a gym or to get a personal trainer or to buy the organic foods. and I just can't afford to look good. and it's not fair that I get put down for something I have hardly any control over																																				I love you so much. Recovered from anorexia __ your videos your videos have really helped. You are amazing.																																				This same thing happening to me but I can't help myself 	 I just need someone to help me and no one will____																																			Gabbie this is such a wonderful message	 thank you for inspiring :) <3																																			Damn that's a lot	 thank you for opening up to us. It means a lot to me to see someone who's struggled and is brave enough to share what's happened in their life. Honestly Gabbie it doesn't matter what people say because at the end of the day you're you biggest critic and you're the person you have to spend your whole life with so you might as well love yourself.																																			It's sad how I'm watching Gab talk about eating disorders while I'm sitting over here	 starving	 contemplating whether or not I should eat the Mac and cheese in front of me.																																		ilysfm and 140 people are the world's shit bc of disliking this video_																																				Wtf i am so confused.																																				__																																				this is so inspirational and helpful																																				______ you're amazingly brave. Bless you. __																																				I have had some anxiety with some different stuff so I have an idea of what you were/are dealing with. I would have trouble doing life at all. It's not that I was depressed or anything I was just constantly feeling like I couldn't do anything because of my anxiety. I am an Adventist and through months and years of help from God and family and friends I feel great now. I still occasionally have some trouble but not as bad as before. I remember one time my family was gonna watch a movie together and I just said I'd be there in a couple minutes. I went to the bathroom and cried because it was so hard. I'm so happy I could get through it and move on. You said that your disorder consumed you																																				Just think that if you lose more weight you will have less energy and energy for us is like fuel for a car and you can't do anything on an empty fuel	 so basically you won't be able to do anything fun ( P.S you weren't meant to be in this world to have a thigh gap but to live it)																																			Such a great message																																				Gabbie you are the best you stay you keep grinding out are my role model and hearing this makes me feel amazing thank you so much ____																																				You're amazing gabby!! We love you																																				To all of you girls out there, you are perfect no matter what!______ Thank you for posting this!__ Love you!																																				I love this video. It means a lot to me! I always think I'm fat but your giving me lots of confidence!																																				Fuck all u dislikers																																				I used to make myself throw up after every meal and I didn't want to eat my mom would ask if I ate I would say I'm not hungry. on top of that I was bullied because of my weight. being called fat or chunky or not pretty and it affected my energy a lot and I didn't want to live. I tried to commit suicide when I was in 4th grade but my mom came through the door and told me to put down the knife. She made me talk to my councler and I let this girl who I thought was my friend take advantage of me because she was the kind to spread nasty rumors like she did about me. Then I started watching vines by u and u made me laugh and forget about life. 2 years later I got the help I needed and I've learned to accept who I am. So thank you gabbie for helping me forget about the hell I was going through. thank u so much																																				Hey gabbie I want to say thank you for this video it hit me in the heart really hard my name is ivy and I am 15 years old and 260 pounds. I've been bullied all my life and I've been struggling for a eating disorder for a year now and I have severe depression and this video just opened my mind. because of you i don't care so much of what people think of me . I'm going to try harder to lose weight. Thank you__																																				thx gabbie for making this video it was very inspiring like for a year i went through what u went through but i recovered __																																				New to your channel! Got yourself a new subscriber! Been binge watching your videos today!																																				Don't worry Gabby, i think you are beautiful. Even before.when i started to watch your vines i never worried about your weight...and actually i wanted to look like you!! Ive been so skinny all my life all i wanted to do was gain but it never worked. So tiday when i watched this vid you made me feel really happy about myself!__ Love you~_																																				Your video make me feel like somebody can understand what I've been through and this is so great and important when you have eating disorders. ( things that I have too) and you're such en inspiring girl. I which than I can have your strength and your beauty. You're like a model, really appreciate your video. . Thanks Gabbie. A French girl. ___																																				this is awesome. you are awesome. keep being awesome. <3																																				you r beautiful	 in every single way	 WOrds can't bring u down! <3																																		retweet if you cried																																				This video is really relatable and inspiring. Thanks for making this. __																																				I'm not crying someone just poured water on my face																																				Thank You Gab____																																				I do want a more depth Gabbie. If you can't we understand	 but I have an eating disorder and I want to hear more of your story.																																			"I relate 110%! I was anorexic. I starved myself down to 106 lbs and I am 5'11"". I developed refeeding syndrome and almost died. I constantly go up and down in my weight. I'll lose 50 lbs and gain it right back. I'll always be at war with food."																																				I've actually sort of struggled with eating an eating disorder for a while. I'll eat fine for a few months but	 out of nowhere	 I'll spend months only being able to eat maybe a few bites before feeling full but	 still feeling hungry. During these fits	 I just can't eat much at any point.																																hey gabbie i can relate to this video i never had an eating disorder. But I've been diagnosed with epilepsy since i was a kid and it was rough because i got bullied for it my seizures happened quite offten.but I'm 16 almost 17 and i learn to live with the fact that this is something that im gonna have to live with. As a fellow girl from Pittsburgh PA and a fan if you're videos I'm proud of u Gabbie____																																				Wow this really hit me cause I had anorexia for 5 years and was on the verge of dying but thanks Gabby for opening my eyes you're such an inspiration ______																																				Thank you Gabbie_________																																				wtf... did she say she ate her friend's goldfish?!? what..																																				#lovegabbiesflaws																																				Gabbie you are so so so beautiful don't let people tell you otherwise. And we're all so proud of you!!!__																																				L																																				love you gabbs _																																				Freelee better not make a fucking video about this																																				"You're amazing you joke about being ""Ugly/Fat"" but you are beautiful and I am proud of you_"																																				I would actually like to hear your story	 if it's okay x																																			Gabbie	 if you feel comfortable make a video of your in depth journey. It's your decision if you want to share it. Love you																																			You make me happy __																																				Gabbie you are beautiful and don't forget it ok.																																				Your so brave	 Gabbie. I __ you! I also have anxiety. Thanks for making such awesome content.																																			__________																																				"You Gab are so strong, i am proud. As you said on the video us to tell you if we would like a more ""depht in"" video about it, i would like one like that. Just wanted to tell you, that your are an awesome person, and a beautiful woman. Kisses from Argentina."																																				Gabbie this is an inspiring video and it helped me a lot because I'm also going through similar issues 	 but you have an amazing body and you are so confident and that makes you beautiful! So don't listen to the haters they're probably jealous of you __ and please stay the amazing	 confident	 hilarious Gabbie we all know and love! ____ ILYS!																																	Thank you for this as soon as I saw this I was so thankful I went shopping for a dress a couple of days ago and I had a breakdown in the dressing room calling myself fat I had barely eaten and I was so uncomfortable but now this really helped thank you so much																																				Congrats on rising above the eating disorder and taking control back. You are beautiful and you have a great figure	 so always stand tall and be proud. You will always be perfect in your fans eyes....Always______																																			Gabbie im sooo proud of u. this must have been so hard for you. We are hear for u fam																																				whoever thinks that you're fat has a warped vision of reality __																																				As someone who has also struggled I would like to hear the more in depth story																																				this video made me realize how fucking sick i actual am... you have motivated me through so many things and heres another one to not worry about my weight and to start eating more... thanks gabby	love you																																			Shes says shes fat but she is SO DAMN PERFECT and so curvy																																				I about to cry cause this helped me I'm only 11 and I look skinny in my cloths but when I look at my slef in the mirror I say man I'm fat and I'm only 11 and I try to go and look how to lose 20 pounds and eat like barely food thank you so much for helping me I love you so much																																				Mate your not fat - after watching this video I feel I had a feeling I was always fat but I would tell my friend and she would scold me dying I'm not fat ( I didn't believe her ) after watching this I kinda did thankyou__																																				You have one of the most fuckabel bodies out there x																																				i think i would like a more in depth version																																				I would like to know about your journey. Plus I think it will make U feel so much better after you put it out there																																				This such a big struggle for me. Thank you for talking about it	 It really helps me see different perspectives on it__ love you																																			It's not about the goals it's about the journey. The journey never stops! Gabby you are such an inspiration! I've said it before and I'll say it again and again! Love you! You rock!																																				Gabbie you are so beautiful no matter what you will always have a place in my heart																																				Thanks gab	 you just put a brightner on my night! Love what you are doing and you're message!																																			I'm so proud of you for making this video Gabbie____ I suffer with eating and food And hearing you in this video really made me feel less alone and Gabbie you are not alone__and I thank you for being open and letting me be apart of your family__ Please share a video going more in depth____ I love your channel and all of your videos__ keep doing what you do__																																				After I watched this video I said awww and my mom just looked at me like the fuck thanks for this boost of confidence I really needed it I've always been self conscious of my weight because every time I see family members they always say omg you've put on weight like this is my parents as well and I've grown up always thinking ok time to lose weight but I've never been good at keeping up with diets and shit but now Pokemon Go came out and I'm walking everyday so hopefully It's time to lose weight and feel comfortable in clothes that have neverb appealed to me. So thank you Gabbie I love you																																				Love you Gabbie I'm very proud of you __																																				This is all so true	 Gabbie!! You are so beautiful and healthy and you should never take crap from anyone <3333 You are amazing and thanks for uploading this. More people need to change their mindset to this and they will be so much happier :) Thanks for sharing	 Gab. We love you just the way you are :D <333																																		You are so brave to post this Gabbie. You are absolutely gorgeous and such a wonderful person. You don't deserve to feel this way. I'm really glad that you managed to put this out there in order to help people who go through this. You are such and inspiration to me and I'm really proud that you were able to talk about this. Thank you Gabbie __																																				Love you Gabbie!!																																				I would love to hear your journey. I love these videos because I feel like we get to know you on a personal level and I can't speak for anyone else but it means a lot to me that you share personal stories with us.																																				I love these videos gabbie																																				gabbie i love you so much! your body is perfect! i followed you because i love you not because i dont. your not fat your so pretty. who cares what people think. your awesome and kind and sweet and funny. i enjoy you and want to hurt all the haters but i cant! screw haters your body is perfect	pretty	 and you!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!im your number one fan																																		<3 thank you for sharing your story.																																				"aw Gabbie ilysm, its such a big deal now a days to look a certain way. People put themselves at risk just to look like someone who is ""better looking"". All i want to say is ily Gabbie and i support you."																																				This really helped me because I've only been told that I'm ugly and fat and that I'll die alone I always worried about what other people thought but now I think I should just think about myself and not care about other people think ..... Thank you Gabbie you always cheer me up in the worst song of times thank you																																				I am so fucking proud of you. You're so strong and beautiful. I am currently kind of in the same situation you were in. I binge/purge and i'm trying hard not to do it anymore. I've been talking to my friends, and it's really helping, and I haven't binged for a week, I know that much, but it's a step. I hope one day I can overcome it. Thank you for this Gabbie. I love you __																																				in depth video about the disorder pls																																				Im so proud of you gabbie! And all of you in the comments whether you beat your demons or you're still trying to	 we will all get through this we will make it out the other side	 we're all in this together. I hope you all have a great day. #teamunderdogs ____																																		"""it's not about losing weight it's about confidence"" man I wish I would have known about that as a little runt, so kids take a note of what Gabbs is saying"																																				I struggle with this exact thing	 and it's good to know that someone else has too . Thanks for talking about this	 it makes me feel like I can get past this at least one step at a time.																																		Your body is so perfect Gabbie____ But I'd like for a more in depth video______																																				#makeyoutubepositiveagain																																				she sounds like she's was going to cry																																				Preach it!! I'm so so so proud of you! I love you so so much. We're always here for you. You are perfect never let anyone shame you for who you are because me	 along with everyone else here	 love and support you so much no matter what.																																		U got this BC we r here for u ____ we ____ u !!!																																				I'm glad you are starting to finally see it. __																																				My freshman year of college I gained like 40 pounds and I've never had lower self esteem. But this summer I've lost almost 20 pounds and even though I have a really long way to go from here watching this video makes me feel like I can do it. Thank you Gabbie I love you. <3																																				U r amazing no matter what. I mean look at what u have accomplished. U r a role model to so many ppl. U r beautiful no matter what. It doesn't matter what anyone says about u or what u look like it is what u feel like and if u don't like what u see......CHANGE IT																																				This is such an inspiration____																																				Gabbie. You are amazing. You are an inspiration. I aspire to be you. I wish I was as brave as you																																				I LOVE YOU GABBIE!!!																																				Nice vid	 but the music in the end..... such unnecessary generic shit.																																			This was so beautifully done. To be honest I have always thought of your body as a goal	 I never knew that you struggled with it. So proud of you for posting this	 and so thankful that you posted this when you did because this was something that I really needed to hear. Thank you.																																		yes	 more in depth please																																			I wish I could do that...																																				Hey Gabbie! I don't know if you are going to see this comment or not	 but if you do I want you to know how much this video means to me. Although our stories with eating disorders have some differences they are about the same in certain areas. I just want to tell you how much of an inspiration you are	 and how you have helped me. I was first diagnosed with anorexia	 bulimia	 and binge-eating when I was 5	 and then again when I was 12	 and again when I was 14. I was always told by other people that I was fat because I had curves	 and soon I believed it. Food is an obsession of mine and I know it will be for the rest of my life	 but I'm so happy to know that people like you exist in the media who try and contradict the norms and show that curvy women can be beautiful too. When I was younger I had no role models in the industry/media	 and although that is sad I am so happy that I found you and your channel. I've learned to just be happy with me	 and I feel like you are a great example.																										"I love you so much and to me you have never been ""fat"" or overweight you have always been this amazing person who I could always look up too and I have always struggled with my weight and it was really hard but thank you for making this video it really gave me confidence I love you so much"																																				thank you so much for this __																																				Gabbie you're so inspirational, and I love you so much. Don't let the negative people get to you, because you're amazing. I've been kinda having a hard time with life, and I've been having panic attacks. You help me smile when it feels like I cannot. Thank you. ~a loving fan who also happens to be named Gabby but spelled different__																																				The fucking people with the fucking nerve to give this a thumbs down and telling her that she isn't good enough are just fucking assholes she is so beautiful and talented and if you don't have anything nice to say don't say it all. And I know the people doing these things have heard it before stop being so negative and putting other people down__																																				are you related to John Bender from The Breakfast Club??																																				I can relate to this																																				I'd like to know more																																				wow I had no idea you had an eating disorder	 I think you have a great body																																			this hit home																																				i like it. you have the power to make a change and i find u bravely useing it for what u think is right other then what is popular :) thank you Gabby... thats my name too lol Gabrielle:)																																				"I'm 5'5"" and 200lb. I am struggling with Binge Eating Disorder (BED). I start high school in 30 days, and my goal was to lose weight before then. I have been stuggling with this my entire life, and have given up countless times . This has inspired me!"																																				"wow....this is the first video of yours that i've watched....i know, i'm late to the party....what i want to say is THANK YOU. thank you for making yourself ""vulnerable to the public"" as you put it. because of people like you, this world might have a chance. I've struggled w/ my weight for years and years, and i've compared to everyone and everything and BEEN compared to everyone and everything, and it was just recently (i'm 35!!!) that i decided to take control of my body...i chose health over weight. People still don't get it, they still ask me how much weight i've lost and i just shrug...cause i don't want to know.....MY VALUE ISN'T A NUMBER.....and i appreciate SO MUCH that an influencer with 1,746,340 subscribers at the time of me writing this, is putting her story out to help at least one person. that's amazing. you're a hero, gabbie. have a wonderful weekend."																																				"""It's not about losing weight, it's about gaining confidence"""																																				Song at the end??																																				I LOVE how you're so open about this to help others feel better <3 you're such an inspiration to everyone around you and your underdogs look up to you soooo much! thank you for sharing your story with not only me but to this world. it means a lot to all of us <3 you're such a brave and bold individual. we <3 you !																																				__________________																																				I wanna know more about ur eating disorder																																				this is so brave of you thanks for sharing your story ____																																				I don't know why people would say bad things like that because there not perfect either	 everyone has a problem so please	 please	 PLEASE don't say rude things to people	 and if you think that you might say something bad put yourself in their shoes.______																																for so many girls	 including me	 that system of punishing yourself for overeating and seeing how little you can eat in a day is our standard diet. isn't that terrifying?																																		No one cares you fat rat fuck																																				You are so amazing. Your videos help me so much	 you don't even know. <3																																			You've done so well. As long as I can remember I always had to deal with eating disorders and today you enabled myself to understand a little bit more what I am going through																																				So proud of you for gaining more confidence in yourself <3																																				64 pounds!! Way to go gabbie!! I love that ur learning to love yourself a lot ^^ I like to run	 exercise and try to be healthy too. I've been told I had a good body but I'm actually fat around my stomach. My waist is a 29'/30' and I want to be 26' or 24' but I'm still confident in myself. I have fat friends and I've never told them to lose weight	 do or be something they don't want to do __																																		I'm 12	 and weigh 85 pounds..should I be gaining or loosing weight?																																			Wow	 people are so clumsy! They accidentally disliked this!____																																			Thank you for making this video. You may not have planned it	 but I think you still said everything perfectly. I love when youtubers use their platform to help their viewers and give insight to those who don't understand. it's tough to willingly put yourself in a vulnerable situation	 but i'm sure the outcome of the people you've helped makes it worth it. <3																																		thank you so much gabbie u made me feel better about myself and more confident thank you so much btw love the outtro song																																				PREACH																																				Wow	 Gabbie you are such and inspiration. You are beautiful. You are very brave to do this	 I'm proud to be one of your many fans.																																		Thank you for doing this video. I also have struggled with weight my entire life comparing myself to others. And this really helped me. Even though others do not call me fat. Really only once and that one time has stuck with me for years. I call myself fat as mainly a joke to others but to my its for real. And this video honestly really helped me a lot. Not that I'm depressed or do self harm I could never imagine myself doing that. I just wanted to say thanks for doing this video and you are such a bright and amazing person. And I love you so much. Stay strong gab. You have so many people that love you. And I think that that is something that I need to realize for myself. Thank you. I love you																																				YOU GO GIRL																																				I wish there was a more private medium I could use to reach you	 because laying my demons out publicly is not something I enjoy doing. But.... this resonates with me. Eating disorders	 body dysmorphia	 are awful things. I am now and always have been a large dude. But unlike today	 when I was in high school my confidence was shit	 my self esteem was shit	 in my eyes I was shit. Eating was my escape for a long time	 my way of coping with the crippling anxiety i felt daily	 then it become a thing I hated. I felt sick	 I looked awful	 I hated my existence. That self hate escalated to violence	 teeing off on anyone who gave me a crooked look. Then that evolved to self harm. Cutting	 severe burning	 drugs	 liqour. Eventually I graduate HS but that self loathing was still there	 I was becoming more toxic and volatile	 unstable. I reached a breaking point	 Nov. 17 2012	 did something really awful. That action broke me and I realized I was tired	 something needed to change. I thought that something was my weight so I worked really hard to drop pounds	 eating less and exercising. I lost weight but still was unhappy	 which made me angry. I relapsed and went back to my old ways	 alcohol	 binge eating	 gained everything back and then some. I was lost. Then	 after a conversation I had with my father something clicked in me. He shot me some harsh truths and I realized my body wasn't what needed to change. My appearance isn't what was killing me. It was my self perception. It'll be 4 years this November since the incident. I've learned to love myself. I have healthy relationships with my family	 actually have friends. More importantly I have a healthy relationship with myself	 I love who I am and how I am. The person I've evolved into is beautiful	 sarcastic	 funny	 confident	 and twisted in all the right ways. I'm even tempered and rarely flip my lid. I still struggle with alcohol	 but I'm 4 months sober from it and 2 years clean from pills. I've even lost and kept off more than 60 pounds since last April	 which is a huge deal for me. Thank you Gabbie	 you're a beautiful and spectacular person. I hope you decide to do an in depth video about your struggle. It'll be uplifting to cats still going through it. I'm very happy you're working on your shit	 and I'm thrilled you're strong enough to talk about your demons so openly. Kudos on your journey	 girl. Sorry I ranted lolGABBIE! omfg you are beyond brave for doing that. you are as of rn my role model! you spoke the words I've been wanting to say to myself for years but never had to courage to do it.. you are amazing	 you have no idea how helpful this video was to me. thank you you're the absolute best																																			I used to have an eating disorder and my family didn't even know about it for a while then I know this sounds crazy freelee bullshit but I went vegan and it helped Bc I knew fruits didn't have that many calories so I felt better about myself and less like a fat cow and now I'm not anymore and that's ok but it helped that first couple of months																																				Gabbie I'm 13 and have never liked my body but this video made me feel so much better about myself it made me think about how you can look so ugly and fat to yourself but when someone else looks at you they see what they wish they had it made me believe that I am beautiful so thank you so much ______																																				I binge eat so badly then I sometimes don't eat but I never feel like I have anything wrong with me until someone points it out.																																				gabbie your beautiful	 never think your not good looking	 if I was a guy honey I would date you __																																		Don't ever think that you're fat	 Gabbie. Your body is perfect just the way it is	 like everything else about you.																																		My grandmother calls me fat __																																				I love your videos gabbie ____																																				u look perfic and i look like a burned sweet potato																																				3:00 well that's kinda my life is now :o																																				I fucking love gabbie she's the best______________																																				Thanks Gabbie. I feel a bit more confident!																																				I couldn't help but tear up during this video	 you inspire me beyond words. Keep pushing through	 we will always be here for you.																																		You're so beautiful and so amazing!																																				gabbie you are beautiful no matter your size you are an amazing person love ya																																				so proud of you for opening up to us. your words are teaching out to us in a way you won't understand. thank you for being a voice that I needed to hear.																																				gabbie you are my idol and you have a great body i am so proud of you!!!!!																																				I got the same problem.... I know what you've been through ^~^																																				I'm recovering from anorexia and this is so inspiring. Thank you x																																				U are so skinny __ I love u so much __																																				You're awesome Gabbie! You're perfect just the way you are :)!																																				You're amazing gabs! This video just made me relate to you more because I'm also recovering from an eating disorder and am in the middle of a very healthy lifestyle but I'm still working hard on being happy and confident on my body which btw I have gained a lot of happiness and confidence. I just want to say stay strong	 block out the negative and know you're perfect exactly the way you are and we all love you.																																			gabbie you're awesome and brave don't let any one tell you otherwise																																				You go girl! I'll be honest	 I've thought abt stuff like this before but people like you always remind me that I dont need to do it and that I can be comfy and confident with my body the way it is! thank you so much!																																			OMG GABBIE I LOVE YOU SOOO MUCH. YOU ARE SO BRAVE FOR POSTING THIS VIDEO. <3																																				I love yuh gabby _ yuh enspire me to be healthier so thank yuh for that x																																				I love u soooo much and ur not fat ur BEAUTIFUL ______																																				thanks for the honesty!																																				Omg I think this vid made me look in the mirror a hole different way thank u for making this video X																																				Gabbie	 those people who call you fat are probably just jealous of how perfect you are	 and they probably are going through the same issues as you. They are probably comparing themselves to you and they think you're beautiful so they lie to make themselves feel better. You are beautiful Gabbie!!!!! Ilysm!!! __																																		Shit. This is sort of like me.																																				I'm so proud of you for using your online power for bringing awareness to topics like this! Keep on doing video's like these and stay positive __																																				It so crazy to me because every time i watch your videos i wish i had a body like yours	 but i completely understand what you mean when you say that there is always someone bigger than you that wishes they had your body. I'm sorry this is something you have to deal with. I wish i could just give you a hug. ___																																			this is really honest and inspirational so thank you for being so brave and putting this video out here for people to see. love your videos	 and if you're comfortable enough to make another video like this id really enjoy it	 gabby :)																																		I think that if you can talk about something which people who love you it can help like a BUNCH																																				Thank you so much for sharing your story ____																																				Gabbie	 your body is so beautiful and I wish I had your bod. YOU ARE NOT FAT! I'm not either and I don't think I'm beautiful and good enough either. Get your mind out of the gutter and you are beautiful. Don't struggle about it l. You are you and you are different. I love you so much and you inspire me a lot. Thank you for being in this world																																			love you gabbie																																				I love you so much thank you for making this video you are right I shouldn't worry about my size																																				I have tears in my eyes, im so happy you got better and decided to share part of your journey with us <3 I love you, you are one of my inspirations:)																																				I want to start the recovery for my Bulimia.																																				i realy am in a struggle i feel fat but do'nt want to lose weight beceuase i only weigh 34 kg and i need to weigh at least 40 . But when i tell someon this they raelly do'nt understand but you really made my day xx																																				Thank you Gabbie																																				Your not fat	 your amazing and you are my favorite YouTuber I showed this video to my sister who currently has anorexia and it made her think alot. I have also	 and currently am battling with my weight and this kinda made me re-think everything. ilysm																																		I have a kind of eating disorder	 too. This vid made me realise what's important or not. Thanks	 Gabbie______.																																		This was one of the best self esteem videos I've ever seen. This did a lot for me.																																				This is really inspiring cause I still have my eating disorder for 4 years. And my freinds and family just keep on saying just lose weight skip a few meals. But now I am like scared of eating full meals																																				Growing up i was bullied so all my life i have wanted to have a larger body bc im very tiny that the rest of the ppl around me.																																				lol you know what sucks	 when your fucking brain tells you that you don't deserve to eat and when you can eat you puke it all up later. its just sooo annoying.																																			gabbie you are truly an inspiration to me.																																				I would love to see your in depth story	 because I deal with things like this as well.																																			You are perfect just the way you are_______________________																																				I find it wrong that David Dobrik and all of them call you piggy and those nick names leaning towards the meaning of you being fat.Thats wrong seeing how you've had/have an eating disorder.Either way its wrong they should make in front of you like that even if it is a joke.																																				Who cares about weight? We all have a skeleton with blood	 fat and muscles just some people have a different amount to you.																																			I have body eating problems. I've stopped eating for a couple hours and I lose weight. I keep using the scale every day. I shame my body.																																				I'm so proud of you gabbie ! Xx																																				I honestly loved this gabbie! Thank you for making this video __																																				Gabbie... I dont know how anyone could call you fat	 you are perfect the way you are	 you dont need to change for anyone. I love you so much!! X																																		not ate																																				you are perfect I mean																																				I love you .we all do. you ate perfect the way u are																																				Wow Gabbie	 my heart grew three sizes hearing your story. I am glad you are at a much better mental state and are on your way to defeating your demons. I struggled with panic attacks and body dysmorphia for about 6 years until the last six months when I took back control. I still struggle	 but it is a day to day process. For anyone that reads this	 you ARE special you ARE worth it	 and I dont have to know you to know you deserve love. Get help	 talk to your mom	 take the first step	 it will be worth it.																													Love you Gabbie!! You are beautiful just the way you are!! ____																																				Thank you so much for this gabbie! I honestly this affects most women in some way. We need to hear this.																																				I don't know why I'm crying so much																																				Gabbie. I just want to thank you for inspiring me to be myself no matter what- not just from this video	 but from all of your videos before. :)																																			Gabbie, you are so, so beautiful, your body is every girl's dream body, and it causes me so much sadness to see that this is what you think of yourself because you are NOT fat, and you have the perfect proportions, from curves to even the smallest things like to way your eyes shine in certain light. Please, anyone who's readong this, be kind to yourself. You are beautiful princes and princesses, and you deserve to have happiness and peace in your life. And remember that ven though you may not love yourself, I love you. Have an amazing day <3																																				Thank you for sharing this story	 you're such an inspiration																																			You are truly and inspiration. This video was very eye opening to me and I'm glad I took the time to watch the entire video. You are honesty someone I look up to and you're amazing. I hope you enjoy your time at home in Pennsylvania	 if you could maybe do a Pittsburgh meet up?																																			I love you gabbie ______ you're so perfect and beautiful and strong and inspiring.																																				it was such an inspirational video, thank you! btw, what's the name of the song at the end?																																				This gives me so much inspiration... Thank you Gabbie!!																																				I could use a smile today __																																				Gabbie	 you are an amazing	 funny	 and inspirational person. Thank you for uploading this. (^_^) P.S. what is the song at the end?																																	Gabbie you're amazing. ilysm																																				Gabbie I am SO incredibly proud of you for making this video!!!! Sending you so so much support and love. ______																																				Thank you for making this video :) I know I have had some similar struggles and others as well	 but you've inspired me to keep going and work harder on myself xx I wish you the best and I'm so proud of you for coming this far!																																			who agrees that there shouldn't be a dislike button																																				Hey Gabbie my name is Alyssa. I just wanted to say thank you! thank you for being you and having the confidence to show who you truly are. You are beautiful inside and out	 you have a heart of gold! It doesn't matter what negative thinkers say about you	 its what all the positive people are stating to you. You are enough Gabbie to all of your fans	 there is so much about you that is so beautiful and amazing and i want to say Thank you SO much for having a spontaneous heart!! Your going to grow so much and have a bright future ahead of you! Continue to make others and myself smile because to some people your the reason people smile. We may only see you on a screen but what you do goes across the world. So again thank you for being your amazing self! Big Fan! Love you and God Bless__________ ALWAYS WILL BE APART OF YOUR FAMILY!																																	I'm not very confident in my body because well I went through a faze where I was like 220 pounds and I got stretch marks from that and now I've lost all this weight I'm 175 pounds but I have a lot of extra skin b and my stretch marks are still there. What's sad is because when I was eight I was 5ft 3inches all all my classmates at school would call me fat but I couldn't realise then that if I'm a foot taller and had broad shoulders I should be heavier than them and I kinda cried a lot and excepted that I was fat I would use food as my comfort and gained nearly 100 pounds but this all happened because I let other people in my head																																				you won't actually believe h ow much this video has helped me	 thank you x																																			first of all, congratulations on a. reaching ur goals! b. switching course to focus on recovery! and c. feeling strong enough to talk about this! im actually in a very similar boat, iv struggled with my eating sinse i was 14, i used to restrict to 500-800 calories a day, and its taken yrs to get to the point where i can diet without going overboard and extreme, so im so proud of u and wat uve accomplished. keep fighting, we all love u, we all support u																																				hey gabby you reached out to me i am going through the same thing it is scary to talk about this stuff																																				The song at the end made me cry__																																				"Honestly I went through something pretty similar. My whole childhood I was called fat. My nickname was ""gorda"" or ""fatty"" in English. My mom, aunts, uncles, etc. called me this ever since I was 3 years old. My sister's nickname was 'flaca' or 'skinny' in English. This led to a lifetime of comparing myself to my sister and when I was 8 years old-11 years old I would constantly count calories and skip meals. I'm 96 pounds (but I'm 5'0) but still I struggle with a lot of body image issues."																																				I would like you to go more into depth! Just know we are all supporting you!!																																				This helped me so much thank you Gabbie																																				____________________________________________																																				I feel like almost every female youtuber nowadays is a model. This is exactly why I love you so much. You showed me that it's okay to be who you are and that it feels good to say I love my body and I feel comfortable in it. Thank you for this Gabbie.																																				Omg i luv u gurl________																																				Proud of you Gabbie xx																																				Girl	 yo body is perfect. Long as u keep dat ass fat	 u good.																																		Great video. I would of never had the courage to post something like this you inspire me everyday this video really helped me ily you Gabbie i hope you can see this comment :)																																				__________																																				so proud of you gabbie	 i'm so sorry to hear about how hard your life was back a few years ago	 but i'm so glad to hear that you're feeling better about yourself now. this video was truly inspirational	 thank you for sharing something so personal																																	So proud of you!! You are honestly so inspiring..__																																				Thank you for uploading this on my birthday! __ I needed this video to bring some more positivity into my life																																				Gabbie ur not fat ur perfect in my opinion																																				Thank you Gabbie. As a teenager who's constantly critical of her body I want to thank you for inspiring me to move on and do what's best for me.																																				aww you're so strong! I would like to here your full journey and a more in depth story!!____																																				Great video. I may not have an eating disorder but I've been struggling with my own demons. And since discovering your Channel like 2 weeks ago (thank you Shane) your stories and confidence has filled my days with joy and laughter when I was at my worst. Stay awesome gabbie #Pennsylvaniapride																																				I wish gabbie made more videos like this 	 ily																																			I love you gabbie	 you are so inspirational to so many people including me	 watching your videos helps me a lot wether it's your funny videos or your videos when your not trying to be funny at all and just talk you are my idol and my favorite person In the world this video is now one of my favorite videos of yours.																																		This is so amazing and inspiring. I wish I could have been your friend back then. I would have told you what I was seeing before your therapist did. Somehow	 that was a really shocking moment for me in this video - your friends' reaction to what they thought was the obvious.																																			Gabbie we all love you just the way you are :) stay strong																																				Wow honestly this did touch my heart and help me I'm so proud of you gabbie. I'd love to see a video more in depth. We love you gabbie <3																																				I'm going through what u are but it still doesn't work and no one knows a part from my best friend																																				gabby I'm going through the same thing you went through... you opened my eyes and made me relize I'm not fat.... thank you gabby																																				fat is such an ugly word.. i hope you are okay now																																				You're a truely amazing beautiful person ________																																				You are so incredibly brave	 Gabbie! I'm happy that you're in such a good place now	 and hope that you never doubt how beautiful you truly are. :D																																		I would love to hear more about your journey. It's important to talk about these issues.																																				Gabbie 	 everyone comes in different shapes and sizes and honestly I find myself fat and people think I'm perfect and have a great body and I really just notice that people find me ok but I don't accept myself and my body so I hope that helps you __________________																																			I love Gabbie	 but people need to seriously shut the fuck up about eating disorders...If you feel like eating	 eat. If you do not	 don't eat. It is not hard to stop caring what the world thinks about your body. Not giving a shit is probably one of the easiest things you can do.There are worse things happening than your first world problems	 there are actual problems	 everyone needs to stop bitching about body dysmorphia	 fucking westerners...																														I'm not saying this bc the video but honestly I've always thought Gabbie has had an AMAZING body.																																				Gabby	 so many girls go through this so thank you so much for being courageous enough to share your struggle with it. You are so beautiful inside and out!																																			this video is a very serious topic but umm did she say she ate GOLDFISH?!?! is that some sort of sweet??																																				Awe Gab! You are so so beautiful	 inside and out	 and you're not fat. There will always be people out there giving you hate	 but for every one hater there will be 10 people who love you	 for who you are	 and not what you look like. I never want you to feel insecure and if you ever are feeling down	 just know I am here for you. I love you Gabbie Hanna. Have an amazing day lovey. #teamunderdogs ____																														Gabbie i wish that i looked like you	 your body looks amazing!																																			as a friend you should telk her or is it just in Belgium that friends talk about that																																				"I'm so proud of you! I too have struggled with eating disorders since I was about 13 years old. I'm almost 18 now and to this day no one knows I was bulimic for almost 2 years. No one knows that I continuously judge my body and sometimes I ""forget"" to eat. I love you for being able to talk so openly about this and you're such a huge inspiration for me. You make me want to become a better person and I feel like I can get help now if I wanted to seek it out. Thank you Gabbie for always posting honest content and for being you =) <3"																																				As a trans guy	 I have a really difficult time accepting my body. Thanks for this video. It helps knowing others share my experiences.																																			Wait real goldfish?																																				this helped me a lot I always thought that I was fat because all my friends were skinny minnies and I was oppsesd with food like pizza	fast food	cookies	cake and all of that stuff and we'll I didn't know what to do I was 100 pounds when I was 12 and well I hated myself for being fat I watched like twenty million videos of how to get skinny but I kepped on eating then one day I felt so sick and kept on throwing up for three days straight without eating only drinking water but then I looked in the mirror and saw my stomach it looked flat and to me it looked pretty so then that look gave me the idea to achieve my goal and get skinny so I did and now I am healthy I love u gabbie and I know what you went through and I feel bad __																																	Thank you for making this video! I have been struggling with and eating disorder and still do! Eating disorders need more recognition! They are the most deadly metal illnesses and I was almost at the point where I could have died! This means a lot! Yas girl spread the awareness!__ I love you Gabbie! Thank you so much for making this video!__																																				Thank you for this	 Gabbie. It means a lot.																																			stay strong Gabbie we love you																																				stay strong Gabbie we love you																																				omg gabbie Colleen watches you omg!!!!!!!!!! I love you gabbie!!!!!!!!																																				Thank you for your bravery! You are an awesome and beautiful woman. Stay strong bby <3																																				as always making the right points	 in a way that shows how much you care about us. thank you	 love you xx																																		"My friend is one of those girls who has such a good metabolism that she can eat whatever she wants and won't even get bloated. Me, I have more fat on my stomach, more boobs and butt and one day I made a comment about how I wasn't okay with my body and that I wished I had hers. She then proceeded to tell me she wished she had mine because I had ""curves"" It was a really eye opening experience for me and it showed me that people want what they don't have and will always find something to hate about themselves."																																				Your so brave! You should be so proud of yourself! Love you	 Stay strong ____																																			You have no idea how much this has helped me. Ive always been self conscious about my body and I always compare it to other peoples bodies so I'm so thankful and proud that you made this video	 it reminded me to love myself no matter what__																																			I still think I'm a fat bitch and I don't think that's going to change	 I know no one wants to be me	 and sometimes I think that my only friends are my teddies Garry the gorilla	 benny the bunny	 percey pig and Paddington bear. There the only people that I can talk to and sometimes I hate myself in fact sometimes I hate myself so much that I think I'm better off not alive																																Thank you for making this you are awesome and beautiful!																																				I love you Gabby! I am proud of you!																																				bish u pretty																																				Who are these fowl 119 people that disliked this beautiful video. I love you gabbie	 you are honestly one of my inspirations in life. Your body is so perfect and is honestly my goal	 not some Victoria's Secret model. I'm so happy you feel better	 and I hope for more happiness in life to be on your path. Love you																																	You go Gabbie! Love ya__																																				This video needs to be shown to every single girl and woman out in the world because I know so many people who feel like they're alone in this - that people don't understand their struggle. Some people are naturally skinny and some people are naturally overweight. And that's fine. Some people have really great metabolisms and other people not so much. I think life is about moderation. Enjoy the things you want to do and eat but also take responsibility for your body and how you are feeling and nurture your body in a healthy manner so that when you do eat a delicious donut and fries	 you won't feel guilty because you know that you're exercising	 eating healthy	 eat proper portions etc... Denying yourself the things you want will only make you want them more and will cause harm to your body	 your mentality and you will end up consuming more than you planned for. I know this because I've done it many times in my life. It's a constant struggle and it is a life long journey. But each day you work hard it will get easier. If you mess up	 try again!																															You are awesome.																																				Gabbie	 I doubt you'll see this	 but I wanted to say thank you for making this video. I think you're so beautiful and I've looked up to you for quite a while now	 and I've been struggling with a lot of similar food- and weight-related issues	 so hearing you talk about it meant so much to me. Thank you for being so open and real. I love you __																																what was the app called																																				I've been through the same thing and I could say I feel relieved that I'm not the only one that has lived like this her hole life and I'm very young. As well through my life	 my family and friends have told me I'm fat and I know that I'm a little over my weight	 but when I see myself I just see a very fat girl with thick thighs and arms	 not being able to find cool clothes that look good on me	 being uncomfortable going to the beach or a pool party	 eating out or simple just sit in a chair worried that people are looking at my fat. But you made me realize that I'm not the only one like this and it shouldn't matter what people say	 with just loving my body is enough to be confident and happy. So thanks Gabbie!																														Good for you!! Keep up the positive thinking. <3																																				All i can say is THANK YOU GAB__ I always been bullied for my body	 for not to be skinny and in my head the people that always said to me that I was fat	 they were right! It took so long to me to realize that I'm not everything that people says about me	 I have to accept my body the way it is. I go to the gym and now I'm feeling a little more confident:)																																	Bae is so hawt. __																																				I think it would be really helpful and important to hear about your journey if you're willing to share!! Hearing all this just grows my respect for you so much!																																				more I'm depth video?__																																				You are so BRAVE! <3																																				I would have prefered u go into more detail about your eating disorder	as it was very vague																																			Can you please make another video of this inspiring story please this was actually amazing and honestly the most inspiring thing I've honestly heard																																				Gabbie u r perfect the way u r and where																																				You are amazing and beyond beautiful Gabbie. My whole life people have complemented on how skinny I am but I have always compared myself with others and thought that I wasn't really that great looking. I go through cycles of working out and watching what I eat to pigging out and not working out for months. This video actually made me cry and made me realize that I need to learn to love myself because I am beautiful the way I am. You are a huge inspiration to me and everyone that watches your videos. Thank you so much Gab! __																																				"I think it is very courageous of you to make this video, Gabbie! Very inspirational as well. I would love to hear more of your journey ;) (You told us to let you know) :D"																																				You are so inspirational and I know this video touched so many people because it definitely hit home for me. Thank you for sharing __																																				I was 330LBS back in 2014	 one year later I'm 286LBS 2016	 and that came from not worrying about my weight	Ênot thinking about the pressure of critics tryin to down me	Êand just training everyday and taking it at slow pace until I felt comfortable with taking my exercising a lot higher	 soÊI completely get what you're saying Gabbie	 thanks. Underdogs Unite!																														This is so beautiful! Thank you! For being so brave and posting this__ we love u																																				Gabbie	 have you ever thought of going vegan? Tons of ppl fought and overcame their eating disorders because if you eat the right food	 you don't have to restrict on food and get to eat as much as you want. I became vegan for the past 3 months for health reason and I eat as much as I want	 I feel so much energetic and by eating as much as I want without thinking of sliming down and lost 10 pounds without even trying.																																	Please make a video that is more in depth. I find your story to be very inspiring and would love to hear more. I love you Gabbie!!!!!!																																				"""Don't ever assume that you know somebody. It don't know their struggles. You don't know what they've been through. And you certainly don't know their demons."" I love that."																																				hey gabbie this is honestly the first time I have posted to any video and a i am a huge lurker but i kinda have to say this: noone on here can ever walk your steps or even see things the way you see it 100% of the time, but as a human we all have empathy and try to feel for you, as I am. you are a good person and know you have an outlet to voice your feelings it is one thing you have and we will be here to listen and help with what we can. you do look great and never shame yourself into thinking wrong about it. you will change and grow up more in time and i do hope to see and learn from you more.																																				Yes	 please share more details																																			Just like Colleen said I say it too I'm proud of you too I needed this a lot this is inspiring to me and my friends to not listen to what others say and listen to your heart and have faith in yourself and keep moving forward and not give up your probably the first Youtuber I've ever heard say this thanks a lot I really needed that today__																																				_______																																				we love u gabbie....... i need confidence..... i like your nose....... im wierd... ilysm																																				im going to give the the biggest hug i can give you right now.... there																																				that was amazing																																				I never looked at you and thought you were fat. You inspired me to be myself! Thank you :-)																																				Aw gab. I love you. Your perfect______																																				I have no one to talk to	 but I'm so proud of you xx																																			________																																				We are all beautiful__ Each and everyone of us. But sometimes I think we look at models and see their small waist and think well my waist isn't that small so I must be ugly and unattractive. But that is so not true! Our goal shouldn't be to get a super small waist or to weigh a certain amount on a scale																																				You sure helped someone Gabbie __																																				i hope soon you become completely confident in yourself because you should be	 i love you so much gabbie :)																																			I'm so proud of you Gabbie for talking about this xx ilysm																																				"EVERYONE IS PERFECT!! No matter what someone says, look at yourself in the mirror and say: ""This, is who I want to to be."" Everyone should. No matter your gender, race, weight, height, clothing, or anything else on the list of things people beat themselves up about, YOU. ARE. PERFECT. Don't let anyone tell you otherwise _"																																				_______________________																																				Gabbie ur not fat																																				Wow Gabbie	 this is something that none of us would've known. We are all so proud of you but we are also inspired by your amazing personality. Remember what that means to you and how much you mean to us																																			Simply Thanks now I know what I am going to do next																																				Your amazing just the way you are.Love ya boo______																																				Thank you for this video <3																																				 JA-SON!	I've been struggling with my weight and body image very badly for the last little while	 so much that I didn't want to eat anymore	 but you're story has shown me there are better ways to love my body. Thank you from a very self conscious 17 year old _																																	Is it bad that I cried during this video? I'm crying i dont know why! I guess it's a tears of happiness because I know this feels! People say I'm skinny but I keep saying to myself I'm fat__ And the ending song was sad!!__																																				Thank you so much for this Gabbie. I love you so much and you are my biggest inspiration. You are such a beautiful human being inside and out and I'm so glad I found you on here. Thank you Gabbie. YOU CAN DO IT__																																				Thank you so much Gabbie.																																				Gabbie	 you are absolutely beautiful!!!__																																			love you gaddy																																				You are normal skinny is normal fat is normal and in between is normal but one thing that they all have in common is that you all are Beautiful																																				today was the first day I went to the beach in over 3 years because of how I feel about my body and I'm fucking proud																																				Yeah unfprtunetely that is one of the big problems with people not tracking their calories can lose track of how little they're eating because a 'serving' isn't really a serving because a lot of food companies lower what a serving is to show that it doesn't have that many calories																																				I was holding it in but as soon as i heard the song start to play i broke lol																																				"This video made me cry. I struggle with the exact same things as you do and this hit home. A huge problem is the people around us or on social media who get upset and go for your picture and how you look to tell you you are less of a person than them because they consider you ""fat"". That's not okay."																																				I love you gabs <3 We all love you. thanks for always being so open!																																				Love u Gabby and thxs for the inspiration.																																				I'm happy for you __																																				This video is so reassuring that I'm not the only on out there with the same problems!																																				Thank you so much Gabbie. Thank you.																																				U r so fucking beautiful gabbie																																				Gabbie you're such an inspiration to me. I still struggle with my body. Especially my skin colour and my weight. Thank you so much and I'm very proud of you__																																				Thank you so much gabbie	 I am so sorry this happened or that you felt this way about yourself	 but this video might have actually helped me with how I feel about myself so thank you __																																		I watched my cousin almost die twice from anorexia. I was one of the handful of people to be by her side the whole time. I spent time with her in hospital and outside of it. It kills me inside to watch other people deal with eating disorders and that I can't be there for them like I was with her. You're not alone in this as you can see by all the supportive comments on this vid. Just be you	 and be the best that you can be. You have an amazing personality	 you're hilarious	 and you're smart. Take pride and comfort in that. Glad to see that you're getting better :)																																	I love you so much <3																																				One of my favorite videos	 Gabbie! I really relate to this.																																			This video just changed my life. I just bought my first bikini	 and completely freaked out first time I wore it. When I do wear it	 I wear a tank top over it to cover up my skin. I think because of this video I'm gonna take off the shirt when I go to the pool tomorrow. Thank you so much gabbie- I love you so much																																		I love you for making this video. you are an incredible role model	 thank you	 REALLY thank you for making this. it's a tough struggle	 and it never ends	 but we all need to support each other!																																Such a emotional and touching story	 I know you will help alot of people with this	 You ars so brave!																																		I love how you're better now	 right? love you gabbie xx																																			gabby i am so glad you made this video. i went through the same thing a few years ago. thank you																																				__________________																																				YOU ARE BEAUTIFUL!!!!!!																																				Gabby I'm so proud of you and ur voice and talking about it truly inspires me																																				Go vegan																																				this really touched me. thanks gab <3																																				Gabbie	 you're gorgeous! Love u you are my inspiration																																			Please go more in depth! You are strong. Ilysm																																				I would love a more in depth video about your eating disorder but if your not comfortable sharing don't do it. Even if you want to help others you shouldn't do something you're not entirely comfortable with. It's so sad seeing someone as beautiful	 smart	 and talented as Gabbie struggling with body image no matter what others say you have people around you and even your fans that love and support you. I know that words hurt but don't believe what your told if that person is only trying to hurt you.																																		gabbie	 we love you no matter what. I'm glad your got out of that dark place in your life ___																																			This video made me realise so many things Gabbie. I love you and how 8minutes of my life changed how I see myself and how I compare myself to others. Thank you Gabbie ____________																																				This video was so helpful gabbie. I suffer from body anxiety and I loved hearing your story.																																				I have lost 9 stone and I'm a 'healthy weight' now but I still struggle. I focus on the number that is on the scales and I just want to say thank you for this video! It has made me feel so much better!! X																																				Wait who thinks she's fat? Cos I have a huge problem with them... __																																				I am a dancer (13) and there is a girl at my dance studio (15) and she is honestly as good as a professional and she has anorexia...my mom had anorexia when she was around our age and i have stuggled w my weight and appearence bc i want to be as good as this girl so badly. I'm not fat but I'm not skinny as i wld like to be at all but my mom is kinda worried i will turn out like herself. When my mom was sick she was in the hospital for 6 months and weight 82 lbs. at about age 14-15...this video really helped me and instead of not eating i will try and start eating healthier__ PLS RESPOND. I'm a new sub																																				I love when u share ur problems with us cause it makes us well at least me like u think of us as friends instead of fans and u should never feel ashamed of sharing ur feelings																																				I love you so much																																				U should never feel bad about your self																																				Your amazing Gabbie your like my role model																																				Gabby you've always been beautiful to me. I definitely prefer you now though because you're so much happier and healthier. You're such a gem to this world and I'm glad you're working on your health and being comfortable in your own body. I wish you the best and I'll continue watching your videos until the very last one. Love you Gabs______																																				Gabbie my bestfriend had an eating disorder which caused her to push people away and (because of a lot of other things too) commit suicide. I'd really like to know more about it please to a video about it in depth																																				I love how you open up and inspire so many people. This is why I check your channel first. Love you Gabbie	 my hero!_																																			____________________																																				"its strange how much i relate to this honestly. ever since i was 10 i would always hear ""you need to lose weight, how did you gain so much weight, what are you eating"" it would always hit me to the core because when you hear it consistently it really severely damages you. this used to gut me to much that i used tor resort to food as a therapy of some sort. food would always make me feel better, and its no normal amount. i would eat a lot at a time if i were upset because i would just feel better. ever since i stopped growing i stopped gaining weight and began losing it slowly, i joined the gym and am doing okay now. when i moved to canada i was 14, i didn't visit my home until i was 18. the FIRST thing i heard from everyone, and i mean literally everyone is ""you still didn't lose weight, why didn't you lose weight yet"". that just reminded me of how shit the people are where I'm from and how superficial they are. those people fucking suck and i can't help their shitty way of thinking. so coming from someone who was bullied for being chubby in school, told almost his entire life that he needs to lose weight (from people who think they are helping such as my family but in reality are fucking me up mentally) i can tell you that if you tell everyone negative around you to fuck off, you will naturally start thinking on your own, and do what you want to do and you stop doing it to please other rather than yourself. it has been six months now and thankfully on this trip back home everyone is telling me i lost weight (which they can fuck off for because they used to ruin most of my days before that) sorry about this long rant but its a very sensitive deep dark issue in my heart i needed to let go :P"																																				Personally you justade me realize something. I started feeling bad about eating too much a couple of months ago. I just realized that its not okay that I feel bad for eating...only because I feel like my body could be even more beautiful when I know for a fact that I am skinny.... You just made me realize that I need to do something about this before it gets worse. I reduced my food portions a lot, I feel bad eating candy or eating when it's not a time I'm supposed to be eating. Only because I'm scared to gain weight. If you see my comment can you give me some advices? I think I need to do something because it's all red flags...																																				"You are hot as all hell, you're smart, beautiful and special. Looking good is a state of mind,an attitude, not a number on a scale. Nowadays i am 26yo,115kg(google will help here) :D, happy, married to the love of my life and my best friend(same person). I never thought she would even look at me(she was a 9+ in my eyes, i saw myself as a 4 tops,apparently i am better). We learn to survive, live and rock the hell out of our ""flaws"".someone will fall in love with you for those exact"" flaws"" that they find fantabolous about you. You do you and let the world deal with it's own bullshit. You are beautiful even if sometimes you don't see yourself as such"																																				Love you Gabbie!!!!																																				Thank you for this video. If you wanna talk about it more I would love to listen. I know the struggle.																																				Gabbie you are so beautiful and I'm so happy that you are so open and I love you																																				Your so beautiful I'd love to see an in depth video I relate to you a lot one of my friends told me I looked pregnant and I've been completely self conscious about my weight ever since but this helped me a lot																																				when i was 12 i would starve myself then when i would eat	 my body would store anything i ate as fat. so i ended up being 150-160 pounds until i realized that is so unhealthy. i was slowly killing myself. now i'm vegetarian and i work out a little bit	 and i'm 115 pounds. :) there's always light at the end of the tunnel	 eating disorders are terrible but i promise you can get through it																																	i would like too see a vid where u get more in detail																																				Dear Gabbie, You are such an amazing girl and I am jealous of how pretty you are. You are beautiful the way you are and we all love and respect you. From Your Loyal Subscriber, __love you Gabbie__																																				You are such an inspiration for me and I want to be as strong as you are you are beautiful no matter what inside and out __																																				Gabbie	 you are doing a great job. I hope one day I can meet you. You give me a strange confidence when I watch your videos	 when I hear about the trials you overcome it really	 inspires me. I hope one day I can afford to come out to one of your meet n greets	 but until then I'll always be a loyal watcher <3																																Amazing video. This hit me hard and I'm happy you made it. I'm proud of you and I love you. Thanks																																				You're body is perfect they way it is and the way it was. Fuck others.																																				You're so amazing gabbie	 no matter what your gorgeous and brave so continue to be you !______________																																			I've been struggling with eating disorders since I was 12. I went from a fat kid to anorexic (only eating about 300 calories) who worked out 2-3 times a day and would be the girl passing out during gym class. Then fitness junkie who would weigh and record every single thing to eating too much junk (cuz I finally allowed myself too and now overdoing it.) now I'm trying to find a balance between fitness Junkie and cheat days. I think everyone struggles with it because we're programmed to think that perfection exists and we will starve ourselves to get there.																																				listening to her saying she always called herself fat and was always called her fat broke my heart. because I relate. God bless you gabbie I relate to this video so much. and I'm so happy you made this video it helped me and just thank you																																				Thank you for posting	 I've went through similar things and I'm still trying to better myself everyday.																																			wow gabs your really strong																																				your perfect just being you!!____ and you are so brave . love you________																																				my favorite YouTubers had/have eating disorders																																				I really admire you for speaking about this gabbie	there was a time in my life where I struggled with food	I lost a lot of weight and became very tired	I tried to switch up my diet because I felt...idk I guess fat because when I was in 5th grade there were people that called me fat on a daily basis and over time I started to believe it and developed a love/hate relationship with food. I'm okay now and I'm glad you are too gabbie.__																																	"Wow, I went through this kind of thing in my life too... My own step ""mom"" told me constantly how I should be like my sister who has always had a ""flat"" stomach, so I always compared myself to girls/women with flat stomachs... But I naturally have a narrower body (then my sister) so I'll always have the little pouchie my sister doesn't have... I'm 26 now and still have some issues with my stomach area, and I now have a 3 year old of my own... I am now finally starting to feel comfortable in my body"																																				________________																																				This video hit me like a truck. I don't have an eating disorder but I have a depression	 anxiety and panic disorder. I cried a lot while watching this because it's somehow so similar to what I feel. Love you so much Gabbie ____ And thank you so much.																																			________________																																				This really hit me hard	 seeing how many others struggle with eating disorders. I have bulimia and the thought of keeping food inside of me actually scares me so much	 I'm still not loosing weight but I'm not putting any on. I don't want this to turn bad so I kinda need to try and really stop																																		You're beautiful Gabbie.																																				My story is kind of like yours. last year this time I was 300 pounds because my body was in starvation mode and people would just tell me I look good and so I would continue to not eat to the point where now I'm not hungry naturally but that's not the point. I worked really hard to get at this weight and now? I am 170 I am so gappy	 stay true to yourseof.																																			You're amazing Gabbie ____																																				thank you.																																				This video was so inspiring I love you so much gabby________																																				L																																				Gabs were all here for you and we will all support you																																				L																																				L																																				Your before body may be somebody goal body really hit hard . I love you Gabbie ______																																				Great video. I might not be overweight but I think it is great how she opened up. Kind of touching really.																																				"I'm really self concious. I don't feel I fit in. I haven't told anyone and to yell At least 1Million people is a big step! Here goes.. <3 I was born fine, healthy and happy! I also have no eating disorders! I have asked my Mum "" Do I eat healthy and have I had enough excersise?"" And I do! I look at all my friends and think Why am I not that skinny? Everyone runs faster than me and yet no one makes fun of me! I still don't feel I fit in. The reason I'm telling you guys is I'm hoping I'll help/talk to people in the same situation. I'm sorry if this was a waste of your time and if there was any grammatical errors ____"																																				much love and respect to you for telling us you're story. __ thank you.																																				this is amazing for you saying this this is an inspiration for all woman and even men all around the world!!																																				Put 50lb's on. I'd still bang ye. You're welcome.																																				Hi Gabby	 I'm so happy that you got through it and you're now at a better place	 i'm glad that you're not going through such dark	 hurtful issues anymore. Because i really like you	 your videos and your personality	 and you're gorgeous no matter what people say or what others may look like. I have to deal with something similar to that daily by myself and it's something i wouldn't wish to anybody. You're so brave. ilu																															________																																				it's so hard.. thanks for this Gabbie																																				Be vegan Gabbie!!! You will be so much happier and healthier. Please watch Freelee	 she can help a lot.																																			Don't cry Gabbie we love u																																				you are not fat don't listen to the haters you are so pretty I am so happy that you accepted it and worked hard to fix it you are so awsome we all love you (exept that .0001 that are Internet trolls) you are the best																																				Gabbie. You are so wonderful. Thank you for making this video. You are so right on how one persons before picture could be another's goal picture I don't think anyone has ever thought of it that way. Please keep it up and stay healthy for all of us because without you people wouldn't have a little glimmer of happiness every day. I hope you read this and it makes you smile. ~Tatum~ ____																																				Omg gabbie this made me cry it was so inspiring I'm never gonna be able to stop watching ur vids! I just want to tell u ur body and image has always been beauty in my eyes from the day I started watching these videos I thought I wanted to be like u	 u have gorgeous eyes	 goals hair	 a winning smile 	 cute as nose a tan and as hot bod but even better an amazing personality !!!! Xxxx																																I cant thank you enough for making this video it made me so happy and it really made me think of myself in a different way. love you <3																																				This is such an important message! Thank you so much for sharing	 Gabbie.																																			Your body is my goals	 Im only about 90 pounds but i want to weigh more..																																			thank you. thank you so much. you have no idea how much i needed to hear this.																																				PREACH ______																																				I love absolutely everything about you. Well I don't know everything about you but I love everything I do know__																																				i love you gabbie stay strong your so amazing!!																																				IDK the how tf someone could dislike this bs man __ love you Gabbie ___																																				You're so beautiful Gabbie! You have the most amazing figure! ______																																				I think you're body is perfect! You shouldn't be any different __																																				I really needed a video like this in my life today. And don't ever be ashamed or embarrassedÊof what you have accomplished and how you have changed Love You So Much Gabbie___																																				i think of u as a inspiration because i love u so much and just keep being u and stay u																																				I relate to you 100%! Currently I am in intensive anorexia nervosa treatment. I am being treated and was in the hospital for a while. I am there every day of the week exempt Sunday's.. Which ruins my summer :( I am 14 years old right now and I didn't realize how serious it was. I don't want to recover :/ it's so hard. I am not going to be done with treatment until 2017 so there goes my year. It's really hard but I hope I can get through this. :(																																				I've been thinking that I was fat. that's all my sister has been telling me. this video make me feel much better.__ thanks Gabbie. I'm crying cause this video is truly beautiful. Like you Gabbie.																																				I love this	 you have probably helped me more then my own friends and family have <3 <3 :)																																			Love you Gabbie! __________																																				takes a tone of ball to do a video like this 	and I thought you were attractive before had dang you went from a 10 to a 20 because you can say something like that on camera																																			this video hit me hard and made me cry. I hate my body so much	 however	 I don't have an eating disorder. I'm depressed and self harm because of friend issues and body image issues. I feel like I'm all alone. but this video definitely helped me a little bit	 so thank you much for sharing your story gabbie. you're so brave and I love you__																																	Gabbie	 this video was very beautiful and I believe that you are an amazing human that deserves all the happiness in the world. A number on the scale doesn't matter	 don't let that take over your life more than it already has. Just continue to be the best person you can be	 ily.																																	The 115 people	 who disliked this video have no heart																																			Love you Gabbie. You will always be a hero in my eyes__																																				You are so strong and gorgeous	 thanks for sharing																																			thank you so much! girls and other kids this generation will never appreciate what you just said thank you sooooo much and no matter what people say to are a precious little bean and i love you so much gabbie. you make me smile and you make me laugh and you are so amazing thank you so much __																																				Thank you for talking about this!! You are so wonderful and beautiful and i keep looking at your vlogs and your body and I have such a crush on you because of it ^///^ Most of my body anxiety came around the fact that i thought/think no boy or girl will ever love me because of my body. But i just have to look at my taste in women to know that people are attracted to all types of bodies!! And all of the people reading this comment	 don't forget	 that you look like somebodies dream girl!!																																		GABBIE your not fat you are beautiful there is no such thing as fat and skinny																																				I'm doing a similar thing that Gabbie talked about where I will binge eat one day and then starve myself for like two days. I'm not doing it because I think I'm fat	 it just kinda happens. I'm barely in the percentile I need to be. I'm like 96 lbs. I have a pretty high metabolism. I'm just terrified of gaining weight because I know I'll never lose it. :/																																			This video was such a wake up call for me	 I didn't realise until you put it in to words that I have an eating disorder the same as you struggled with	 thank you for this because now I can take steps to get healthier and over come it! __																																		"Love your recent videos. Especially this one. Made me want to cry at a couple parts because it pains me to see people sad or ashamed because of the body they were given. When you mentioned that you were likely an example of that woman's ""goal body."" Aw, that's so true. :') Also, you reminded me to challenge myself in healthier ways than reaching a certain weight or shape._ I'll remember that when I start to eat better amd work out."																																				This made me eat for the first time in 4 days	 thank you																																			I love you so so so so much Gabs __																																				I'm 15 and anorexic and have been for nearly 2 years now I'm so glad you are making a video about this and you describe so well how it feels thank you. It's hard sometimes I don't know what to do. I love you xx																																				Waiting for freelees response like......__ love you and your courage to talk abut this__																																				I personally think that you have a great body and are gorgeous don't believe the haters																																				____																																				All of us love you and support you	 so just keep doing what your doing- love your family																																			"Jesus who told you thatÊyou were fat? All your fans know that you think you are fat and you have been trying to lose weight and I'm not just saying this because I am a fan and I want to make you feel happy, I genuinely do not think you are fat. I have been watching your videos for a long time and not once did I look at you and think ""Damn she's fat."" I don't weigh a ton or nothing but I would look at you and think that you are goals :)"																																				Gabby you're beautiful the way you are I love you so much stay who you are #GoUnderdogs																																				Thank you so very much for this!																																				I know you won't read this	but I'm in a somewhat similar situation as you	this helped me a lot	as an aspiring star athlete	I'm a little big	but not overweight	but I always tell myself I am	I'm very fast which is surprising	and I'm good at many things	but it always comes back to me	but I'm working on it!just like you did!youre beautiful the way you are	this really helped me out																									Thank you so much for making this. I relate to this a lot and it feels a lot better knowing I'm not alone.																																				gabby	 this is amazing	 i can definitely relate	 i am now a mom	 i'm getting married and have our own home	 and it is extremely hard to recover	 but i just want to say that it can get better and i am incredibly proud of you for sharing.																														you are a beautiful girl	 you are to brave	 we all love you	 I hope you know how much we love you.																																	We all have battles to fight within ourselves. I applaud you for dealing with yours	 Gabbie :)																																			You are such an inspiration to me. Thank you:)																																				GABBIE YOU'RE PERFECT________________																																				just going to throw this out there you are	 PHAT	 and if u dont know what that means hit me up and i will tell you	 just had to throw that out there																																	Is it bad that I was eating while watching this??? I love u GABBIE u mean the world to me !!! Keep it up! ____________																																				__																																				Jeeze I love you so damn much																																				i wanna give you a hug	 dammit																																			Gabbie, you've always got our support and you are so beautiful no matter what.. We love you! ~ Jodie, from the UK :)																																				______																																				Gabbie you are pure perfection	 your body is beautiful either way and if people can see that then their blind. Love you lots! __																																			thank you for making these videos	 you really do help people. & everyone reading this you are absolutely beautiful __																																			This week more boys talked to me than ever in my life and they thought I was pretty and that brought me so much more confidence. And it brought me confidence beacuse i was in bikini or something short and nobody actually thought I was fat.																																				Wow Gabbie! To me you are such an inspiration and such a motivational person.I have depression and anxiety and there are some days where i am just so down	 upset and angry for no reason and i just cry sometimes for ages and i don't know why but i watch your videos and you just lift me up so much without even speaking to me directly!! xx...i have been watching your videos for ages and sometimes i just watch your videos thinking 'how could anyone ever say anything negative about you?' like it honestly puzzles me because your so beautiful and just stunning. i don't know i think sometimes i think..wow i relate to you so much.. but yeah i just love you and i think the world needs more people like you. if only i didn't live so far away then maybe i could finally meet you hahaÉSo yeah i love your videos	 your body and just you in generalÉTHANK YOUU!!!!!!!! xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx																																		We're so proud of you Gabbie!! we love you ______. And we would love to hear your story																																				You are so inspirational and brave Gabbie ____																																				__________________________________________________________________																																				so happy for you. tfs. your are awesome																																				This helped me alot. Youre an amazing person. You go _																																				I relate so much as years ago I suffered from an ED with anorexia and a few months ago i recently got back into and it's more serious. People don't realize how serious and ED is unless you suffer from it. My anxiety makes it SO much worse so I get where you're coming from gabbie. You're so strong for posting this like even writing this comment is a big deal for me. You're beautiful girl and I know it's hard to see it with your own eyes	 but you truly are!																																			You are such an inspiration to so many people																																				is that make up or is her cheek sun burnt I legit don't know																																				Gabbie	 I'm so glad you made this video you're so brave. That was so great and I'm sure you helped more than one person. I love you	 Gabbie!! ______________________________																																		Loved this video..I can relate to it so much.. I did cry! :'(																																				I didn't know I had the same problem as you until I watched this video it's a real eye opener and ily you are amazing!!!																																				Just so you know Gabbie	 all of us are really proud of you. The fact that you could put this on the Internet	 and that you got better is really good. We love and support you	 we always will.																																	everything i was going to comment has already been commented so many times so just love you																																				ur not fat .....u r really pretty.... hope everything gets better																																				Your always beautiful Gabbie																																				"Damn, your story really hits home for me. From 5th to 8th grade I was in a really dark place; experiencing really bad depression, anxiety and damaging my body via self harm & eating disorders. Recovering wasn't easy, but 2 years later I'm proud to say I've come out on the other side, more happy, healthy and fit than I've ever been! I'm so glad you have too, thank you for sharing your story and stay strong :))__"																																				you are amazingly brave...that must have taken so much courage	 I would love a more in depth video if you feel that you are comfortable with sharing more.																																			Awh Gabs __ you are so perfect. Well said well said! (:																																				You are an inspiration __																																				Gabbie 	 we are proud of you for being real and honest and we love you for who you are not what you look like ! and honestly you're so beautiful <3																																			This video relates to me so much! This video inspired me to not compare myself to so many people same here gab all my life my moms brother keeps telling me your fat you have to lose weight every. Single. Day. And i was getting sick of him telling me that. Now this video inspired me. Thanks gabbie. Love you so much																																				I think you are beautiful.																																				you are so beautiful																																				"make more videos like that this is what I call perfect . literally a ""real"" video!!!!"																																				Thank you so mutch for this Gabbie	 I really needed this __																																			I love u so much I'm so proud of u__																																				I'm over weight. I've eaten alot in the past. I binged. Then I started restricting my calories to the point where I was eating maybe 400 calories a day and I was excessively exercising. And whenever I ate something unhealthy I would make myself throw up. I was unable to love weight. But I've tried and tried to eat 1200-1600 a day with mainly eating fruits and vegetables. I hate my body. I have horrible stretch marks and acne. I struggle with anxiety and depression. I have to see a therapist now. I do have a disease where if I eat stuff it causes inflammation in my stomach and scars and damages my stomach so I'm always in pain from 5-10 everyday.																																				"Gabbie called me sexy about a month ago. I felt just as weird as when the lady called her a ""skinny mini"" because I've felt as bad and I've had an eating disorder for very long. It's weird"																																				Ilysm! Ur my inspiration! Bc u give good advice and ur videos r funny I also love ur story times! Like I don't even know have u have haters! Bc u r truly amazing! ____																																				i love u gabbie																																				"I'd definitely say I related best with the ""symptoms"" of the eating disorder you listed (unable to swallow food, unfamiliar with the sensation of hunger). I was either 9 or 11 when I felt like something was blocking my throat whenever I had food in my mouth; so I rarely ate. It took maybe a few weeks before my parents noticed I would only nibble at meals. I told them of my strange affliction, after failing to eat a single grain of rice. We went to my pediatrician, who told us I needed to go to the hospital asap. Once I did, they poked and prodded me with needles before they could even find a vein to insert the IV. And after laying on that hospital bed for a while, a doctor came to me to - get this - shove a camera connected to a small hose up my nose, to travel down to my throat to see if there really was anything wrong. Surprise surprise, there wasn't. I didn't realize that I was behaving like an anorexic back then until a couple years ago, and I think it may have had something to do with me quitting ballet not a month before it all happened. Now I'm opposite to the past me, as I'm so in love with food that I usually don't portion control, I eat mostly junk food, and I do not exercise enough; I'm even at the point where I'm borderline to developing high cholesterol. So...yeah __"																																				This hit me so hard	 I'm crying. I've been struggling with my weight for as long as I can remember. I've always been told I was fat by my family and friends. So to here you talk about this really helped me feel better about myself. So thank you Gabbie. Ilysm __																																			Y did people give this video thumbs down??																																				Your amazing gabbie! You have a very strong soul! I'm so happy you are able to tell us about this. You are one of the best people that I know! Stay strong gab __																																				#staystrong																																				Thank you so so much for filming this! I promise you that it has/will help people with their disorders. Thank you so much.																																				Gabbie relax. You're beautiful and awesome.																																				You are beautiful gabbie	don't ever forget that! Love you!__																																			Gabby please go into more detail it helps alot for people like me who have the same thoughts like you did x																																				This is beautiful Gabbie__!																																				awwwww gabbie you are so strong keep going my angel																																				You are AMAZING you are the most beautiful independent honest person and that's why we ALL love you because you are you and you are PERFECT __ __you gabbie you go girl																																				Thank you so much for this Gabbie. You're beautiful and for the past couple of months I've wished I could look like you because you're freaking beautiful. I love you and you can do it!																																				your beautiful																																				GURL FROM ANOTHER GURL YOU A SEXY MOFO (gives you hug)																																				You're so brave Gabby we all love you so much																																				@thegabbieshow_____u sexy and beauitful																																				Oh My God Im So Happy Right Now Just Thinking About This Message Holy Crap Gabbie I Love You So much You Totally Inspire Me And So Many Others And To Me You Will Always Be Know As A Beautiful	Sensitive Person and I Have Always Looked At Your Body As My Goals I Love You_																																			Thank you for this.																																				Gabbie! Your video about white privilege is what made me subscribe to you- I've watched your vines before	 and think you're hilarious- but seeing you use your platform to touch on such relevant issues is so encouraging. You're honesty is super inspiring- keep making videos like this!																																			109 mother fu**ers who un liked this video.Who stuck a pole up your ass. WTF. Love you Gabbie your amazing ______																																				we all are happy for you and we are all here to support you gabbie ____________																																				i onistly love ur body shape and ur personality but u cant be so hard on you're self because u need to love u for u and until u do no one can love u not in a mean way its just ur amazing and i aspire to look like u but i cant and i accept that and so should u ps... thik ppl are the best ppl they look good in every thing gabbs i love u so just do you______																																				Gabbie...I went through the exact same thing. Everyone even my parents were telling me I was at	 I started not eating properly and I didn't lose weight	 I got weaker... And I had no friends so I fell into depresseion and one day I wanted to end my life	 but... I stood up from that	 and the bad part was that I shut off my feelings just so I don't care what people say about me... So	 I've gotten to the point where people that mean SO much to me have died and I didn't tear up. Not one single tear came out	 and I wasn't depressed I was just normal...Like seriously	 yesterday I don't know what came over me	 but...I only ate breakfast for the entire day	 nothing else	 no lunch	 no dinner	 no snacks	 no anything...After I watched this viedo I decided that what I started doing again was stupid...Thank you	 now excuse me while I order 10 large pizzas.																						Gabbie. From the moment I started watching your videos I started to see the real me. I have struggled with being overweight and people bullying me because of it. But once I started watching you	 I have gained more confidence in myself. I also commented on one of your last videos saying that because of you and your amazing personality	 I have now lost 10 pounds from the confidence you gave me. Love you to the moon and back Gab. Stay Classy. Be Yourself! Love you. ________________																																		When you said 'Don't compare your body to someone skinnier/larger people' (something like that) it made me feel supported and more confident of my body																																				"This actually reminded me of a documentary a watched a couple weeks ago, and it was about the top 12 lies told around the world. And one that really made me think was I believe Lie #3, which said ""There is no such thing as being good. When you believe you are good, you mean in this in such a way as that you are better in comparison to another. But as a human, you can't be good. You can be better than someone else, but that won't mean you're good. You could compare yourself to Hitler, who was responsible for the death of millions, all the while, you are responsible for the death of two, and think 'Wow! I only killed two people! I am such a good person!' While you aren't."" But idk, I just kinda thought it was interesting..."																																				This video helped me so much!__ after I watched it I bought a a bathing suit. I haven't swam for so long	 because I was self conscious about my body. I want to learn how to love it__ thank you gabbi________																																			i honestly think that she is so beautiful and funny	 telling her she's fat won't make you feel any better. YOU know why? because its not true at all																																			I am starting to cry <3 this vid is so good and just	 i dono. tnx for making this vid <3																																			"i think everyone would stress about their weight at least a little some point in their life, but sometimes you just gotta not care and really know that it's fine! who cares if you're ""overweight"" but fit and strong? who cares if even your family calls you fat or mocks you? people are just judgmental, and you just have to live your own life and know it's fine because it's YOUR life! also, when you look at a lot of skinny people, you'd think they're ""naturally skinny"" or ""still eat a lot,"" but that rarely happens. If you think about it naturally, gaining weight is about excess calories. If they eat a lot, but do a lot of fat burning exercises or have a lot of muscle, they burn either the same or more than they consume. That's why they stay skinny or they lose weight. There's no miraculously skinny."																																				Your so beautiful!																																				Fat is something you have	 not what you are. You are not a tooth because you have teeth. You are not hair because you have hair. You are defined by who you are	 not what you have.																																		Thanks for this vid. I suffer with eating disorders too ____																																				Being ''Fat'' and ''Skinny'' isn't a thing. Fat	 and Skinny are just labels. Being a little overweight is ok! Labels are things that people place on you! Those labels don't define you! I just don't understand why people judge those who are a little ''Bigger'' than them... When we get cut we all bleed Red	 Blood. Were all the same. I'm looking forward to the day when we can all accept each other as who WE want to be. Not who society wants us to be. At the end of the day	 we're all god's children and were all brothers and sisters! :D																																	I love you __																																				Anyone else get really emotional?																																				You are so brave love you so much ______																																				we're here for you Gabbie	 we love you!!! do what's best for you :)																																			I'm glad your over your disorder ____																																				Hey Gabbie. I just wanted to say that this video gave me a new outlook on my body. I have an athletic style body but because of my binging	 I've gained a TON of weight. I've tried many a times to shave numbers of the scale or lose inches but the thought of losing 50 pounds is pretty intimidating. And being a guy in middle school	 where people are cruel and so judgemental	 just makes things harder. I'm afraid to change in gym due to my stomach. I suck in most of the day. One time I was in a public pool and this guy made friends with me and my friend. He was staring at me and I asked him what he was staring at. He said he was hypnotized by my fatness. I did an awkward fake laugh but it really hurt and people don't realize how much it hurts. But the thought of doing exercise to be healthy is much more pleasant to think about and get motivated to do. You are such an inspiring person and I wanted to thank you so much for helping me to start trying to get healthy. Love you!																																	...thanks dude :}																																				You are so inspirational. Love you ________																																				I totally feel u and give u major props for having the confidence to make such a personal video!! I am the total opposite I am 5.2 and barely 105 lbs everyone tells me u r so skinny u need to gain weight...I eat I eat like crZy I just have trouble adding the pounds my sister is also about 5.2 but she has more ur body type and I have always been suuuuuper jealous of her...our whole lives bigger boobs 	bigger butt	 beautiful curves!!! I know it is easy to be hard on urself but take it from a true skinny Minnie that even we have trouble I would kill to have a body like u or my sister!!! U r beautiful and smart and brave! Keep it up so inspirational I love u!																																		You go girl! __																																				You go gabbie!!!__________________																																				ahw mom this makes me think that I have had kinda an eating disorder... but I am so proud of u <3 I love u																																				Gabbie you are so inspirational!!																																				I NEVER comment on videos. But this video made me wanted to tell you that no matter what you look like Gabbie you are honestly a beautiful person inside. your personality and non judgmental attitude towards people makes you so beautiful. Keep your head :) I weigh 280 and I use to weigh 170 but now I feel so comfortable and confident in my own skin then I have EVER been when I was skinnier. You are so inspirational and brave for sharing this. You are the best. for real lol																																				"Holy crap, did anyone else just stop listening after she said ""It's not about losing weight, it's about gaining confidence""? That is so inspirational. I've never ever thought of it that way. And then the song at the end just fit so perfectly. Just wow. This is by far my favorite TheGabbieShow video. Holy crap. Just wow. I don't have words"																																				Gabbi I love you so much and you're the world to me and I watch your every single video and you just are amazing your smart pretty talented you're not fat you're perfectly fine and I am so proud of you too you are so good and I love you so much so I hope you get this message I love you bye																																				I love watching your video's Gabbi! =)																																				You're such an inspiration. Love u gabbie__																																				The tracking the calories was not to long ago	I remember you told us how much you were eating on YOUNOW	I remember tweet and snap chatting you trying to tell you it wasn't healthy.i don't think you saw but I want to let you know we love and care <3																																		My situation is different I was naturally born a skinny miny and I've always wanted to be slim thick like the girls guys fall for I've always wanted a perfect body and I'm saying always as if I got over it I didn't I'm also lesbian so the anxiety and depression that goes with that is killing me each day I'm living I fell like I won't be here for much longer																																				you are so awesome how what people think you a so cool be you and have fun cause you are great keep Bing you																																				________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________ this is for you Gabs______																																				Goosebumps..																																				i love when you speak up about the things that matter dont get me wrong i love all your videos im just glad that you can do a little bit of everything love you gabby																																				I just want to tell you that you.Are.Goals asf no matter what there assholes tell you in the comments! __ you're so cute and beautiful and amazing and you've probably helped so many people who have seen your channel__ you are my idol in have been that sense i saw some vid with you and i just love you so much and there are many other people that support you no matter what ______ LY __																																				I'm so proud of you gab__																																				I cried alot while watching your video.. Idk why__ you're really brave! (Please don't hate on this comment)																																				This almost made me cry. Gabbie we all love you so much	 you're such a beautiful inspiration to so many people																																			I don't know you and I'm still proud __																																				I have a very slow metabolism that makes it so i cant eat a healthy amount of calories without weight gain. If i were to eat say 3 500 cal meals a day and thats it	 in one week i would gain 3 pounds. I weigh 193 now	 which i recently gained 13 of those	 and something hit me that it was okay. Ive just recently started to feel confident in my body even though 13 pound just shot up on me	 ive always exercised daily and kept calories down but thats just my body. This video really made me feel good gabbie	 thanks																															I feel you gab I'm currently recovering from an eating disorder. It's very hard but it's worth it I want happiness again.																																				Gabbie	 I'm a pretty new subscriber. I am at a loss for words with this video. I'm looking at you and all I can think of is	 wow she is so inspirational	 she's so funny	 and she so pretty and she's so open. This video speaks to me on a personal level. I have struggled with my weight since middle school. I'm 20 now. over the past year I've lost about 65-70 pounds... but it just never seemed like enough. so here I am yo-yo dieting and comparing myself to everyone else and spending time crying and eating 600 calories a day and feeling miserable. it is so nice to know that I'm not alone in this. I love you so much. please keep being you. thank you so much!________																																you don't need to be skinny																																				:(																																				thanks	 Gabbie	 i really needed this today..i just hope that one day i'll finally break this cycle so that i can encourage and inspire people to battle their demons just the way you motivate me and all your fans <3																																		"Please make more videos like this! I've struggled a lot in general not just with body image but just accepting myself and lately and especially today I've just been really down on myself and lost but this video helped me a lot so I just wanted to say thank you for being so honest and sharing. And what's funny is that I can relate to this but I am a natural ""skinny mini"" and I STILL compare myself to other people constantly worrying if I'm too skinny or tiny and all that other crap wishing I was bigger and more curvy. I feel like there's this constant voice in our heads telling us we're not good enough that just needs to shut up... also the outside voices of people that tell me I'm too skinny and I need to eat a burger that need to shut up. I love burgers."																																				Thank you. Thank you so much. From all my heart	 THANK YOU GABBIE.																																			I haven't had a video make me cry in a long time. I don't think I've ever fully realized how much I resonate with you until this video, which is really surprising and somewhat eye-opening to me. Thank you, Gab.																																				For anyone who is insecure about there stomach rolls did you know the goddess of beauty herself has stomach rolls? Yeah that's right. There's a statue of Aphrodite hunched over and she has visible rolls. So if you think your not good enough because of the rolls on your stomach remember that the literal goddess of all beauty has the same stomach as you.																																				Hi Gabbie	 my names StephanieÊ idk if you'll see this but i wanted you to know that i really appreciate you sharing this video. I have been a fan of your channel for years for many reason( I'm the type of person to leave comments bc i get scared but i thought this was important). But the main one is because you seem to be a great	 honest hearted	 person who's story I could relate to	 which is not easy to find. If you are comfortable i would love to here more about your journey and how you have/working to overcome. My one opinion may not matter but i'm sure a lot of people could benefit from hearing a story that is not staged	 but honest. I hope you are enjoying your time with you family and that everything is going well. And if you see this... thank you																															______________________________________________________																																				omg this video actually made me really emotional. gabbie if you read this comment ( even if you don't I want you to know this) you should know that you aren't going to ever stop being loved no matter how you look at your body and I look at you as such an inspiration. Love you_																																				Gab You're So Inspiring! I love you. I believe in you and I hope you keep going with what you do :)																																				You are the strongest when you are the most vulnerable. Thank you for allowing your strength to help so many people including myself ____																																				life after an eating disorder... my story. You forget about it but some days you are constantly reminded of it.. Stress can trigger it, for me my stomach tenses up in major distress and I will vomit. I don't have an eating disorder right now (I'm not exactly being healthy either).. You get to a point where you see what everyone was trying to tell you all along. Your idea of perfect is extreme (most of us).. and we don't/didn't see it before.. Our generation is so messed up in the head that we will have our fiends enable the self destructive behavior too. During my eating disorder & MDMA use my friend and I used to call each other fat. Purposely. and the power we felt being skinny (at least for me, with his encourage) made me feel a fake sense of happiness. happiness is truly taking care of your body, not enabling friends self destructive behaviour (because it can effect you) and STOP comparing yourself to everyone else. Your nose eyes lips face knees elbows. They are perfect. Society wants to decide what is ugly..... I live the idea of giving the word fat a new meaning, but using it not just talking about it.																																				Thank you for sharing. I've struggled with eating issues most of my life. Currently going through a divorce	 other life shit and I've gained 10 lbs. I never allow myself a time period to let something be bigger than the voice in my head about my weight and way I look. Even when my dad died	 all I could think of was my weight. Anyways	 I can relate.																																	I love you Gabbie. This vid really helped me																																				Whoever is reading this. You are beautiful__ Don't be too hard on yourself__ If you're having a bad day. There's a new day tomorrow. Don't forget that__																																				you are so strong. you help alot of people and you should open up to us more. please do a more indepth journey																																				Gabbie I love you!																																				Can i just say	 a video like this is exactly how people realize they arent alone. i love this so much and i really needed it.																																			This was so inspiring :') Thank you Gabbie for just telling how you battle your demons. I hope that I can take your story as an advice for myself	 because I kind of have the same problem rn.																																			I was recomening u 2 youtubers that have overcome eating disorders to make a video to help you I thought u might need some help but id though u'd be offended ILSM																																				I like your fat ass																																				______																																				"Gabble, you are strong and wonderful woman, someone who I look up to (not including all of your story time stories though). I truly believe you can get through anything you set your heart to. I myself, have always seen myself as fat, worthless, ugly and someone no one would want to love when I'm older. I have so many friends who say they are fat and ugly despite being two times skinnier than me and miles prettier. My self-confidence is low as it is, but when people say ""oh my god I'm so fat"" and they are half the size of myself, I just feel worse. Im under 15 and already I'm feeling like this... What does that mean for my future? So when someone I idolise (you) it honestly reassures me I'm not alone in this, and that there are people way worse off than I am. So thank you ______ (You will probably never see this but I just needed to get that off my chest, thanks for everything Gabbie! __)"																																				"As someone who has suffered from an eating disorder, this video speaks volumes to me. During that dark time, I was consumed by what I ate, but mostly what I didn't. One of the strongest pull into an eating disorder is hearing those comments about ""how great you look now"", and ""how did you do it"". But after listening to the compliments for a while, they turn into comments like ""oh, you've decided to eat today"", and ""you need to stop losing weight"". I know talking about this sort of thing brings up horrible, horrible memories. And I know you probably aren't going to ever see this comment, but thank you for making this video Gabbie. And please know you are not alone (also your snapchat story is always a lovely thing to see _)"																																				Thank you for making this video. I've always felt that I'm the only one with problems like this but to know that one of my idles is self-conscious like me	 it makes me feel a lot better																																			so much respect for you gabbie! your awesome and this was very inspiring!																																				Gabby and anyone else reading this.. you are BEAUTIFUL! No matter your shape size color or race everything about you is perfect and unique in its own special way.. Please don't try to change anything about your self for a negative reason especially if it's related to weight.. Size doesn't matter but if you do want to help or change your weight.. Do it for yourself and your health not because someone said you are too fat or too skinny because your NOT! Please stay positive and be happy because there is nothing wrong with just being you!!!! xoxox																																				Love you Gab ____																																				Gabbie honestly u are so beautiful and flawless u don't need to worry about the number on the scale cause no matter what ur family is here to support u through anything____________																																				I may have never of met you Gab	 but I love you (like you're an older sister). Also	 you're right because your before photo is my goals photo. You're beautiful just the way you are as long as you're happy. If you see my comment	 please reply so I know my message got to you. Stay humble and gorgeous Gabbie	 and don't listen to those who try to put you down. __																																OMG I need to internet hug u *hug______ love u																																				Same																																				"I liked this video before I even watched it, thank you so much for putting it out there Gabbie. It really helps a lot of us struggling with similar things to see well-known people letting others know about these problems, it makes it more ""normal"" to share and gives us courage to do the same. Thank you once more."																																				Gabbie	 this really was a great video! I have had/ have an eating disorder and everything you said I can relate to! I just want to say I'm so proud that you are fighting/ fought through this! You are so beautiful and such an amazing person!																																			Thank you for that.__																																				In David's vlogs is he joking when he calls u fat. CAUSE U ARE NOT FAT																																				I cannot like this video enough ____________________________																																				Thank you Gabbie __ i have been having problems with my weight and this inspired me to become healthier instead of skinnier. Thank you __																																				Thanks I really needed that.........																																				I have always look in the mirror and thought I was fat...and this makes me really confused																																				Does anyone know the name of the outro song?																																				oh my goodness gabbie! you are so amazing and inspirational. truth is im going through an eating disorder and im trying my hardest to recover and make a differents. This video has brought a tear to my eye, if you can do it then I can thank you ilysm xxxx																																				I love you Gabbie. Hate to be this person	 I just posted a video my eating disorder i think about a week ago. feel free to watch it.So many people need help and need to know support is out there.																																			I started to cry																																				Veganism helped me out of my eating disorder. I used to restrict calories but then binge eat_ in the end I had my self 'under control' and lost 4 kg on a really unhealthy way. Then I saw a documentary about anorexia and I cried my eyes out I wanted to be skinny but I didn't wanted to end up like the girl in the documentary... A few days later a video of freele popped up on YouTube and I learned so much it got me on a healthy lifestyle which made me lose another 4 kg but in a healthy way I eat around 2000 calories a day I just restrict fatty or processed food but I feel so much better now. I don't want anyone to feel like I want to force you to go vegan it just helped me I'm really close to my 'bodygoal' and I'm so much healthier now I feel fit and energetic (my bmi is around 20 or 20.5 so perfectly fine). But I still hope that more people would inform themself about veganism bc it's really good for you	 the animals and the invironment. My blood tests are also perfect so yeah ______																																			I'm overweight but TBH I IZ PROUD OF ME:) AT LEAST I HAVE FOOD IN MY LIFE:)																																				major props to you for having the strength to put this out there - it was beautiful																																				Love you Gabbie__																																				thank you gabbie_																																				______																																				Anorexia	 anxiety	 depression	 a lack of confidence	 hating myself. Daily struggles for me																																We luv u gabbie !!!! U r SOO inspiring!!!																																				YASS GIRL YOU SLAYED THIS VID																																				"you make it look like it's so easy to get over it ; i don(t think i have an eating desorder because I only skip some meals but I feel so ashamed of my body that it's kepping me away from my friends , they are all skinny and they don't have to worry about what they are eating ; i know it sound stupid but sometimes i feel bad for not being like them , but in general I have a strong caracter and I don't give a fuck about what others think but I do care about what I think abt my self"																																				This is the best video I've watched in a while! So inspirational!																																				you know how amazing it is to hear someone say this. Ive been telling myself these same things and Im trying so hard to listen! thank you for opening up! please do a more in depth vid about your eating disorders and anxeity please... i think it could really help me. thank you so much for your bravery and love! xxxx																																				lots of love gabbie! i love your channel and your message. i have struggled and am still struggling with anxiety. i have had body issues so totally understand its been a major uphill battle for the past 2 years																																				Gabby you're an awesome person and thank you for posting this. I feel I may be going through the same thing but awkward feeling of putting myself out there for someone to analize me just bothering me.																																				oh Gabby, how I wish I had ur body size. u goo girl!																																				____________________																																				Gabbie	 you are so beautiful. Being 82 pounds at the age of 20	 I think your body is beautiful and I could only dream of looking like you do.																																		"When you tweeted that about ""your before photo could be someone else's goal photo"" that really stuck with me and helped me so thank you for that. __________"																																				you put this description in the description on your newest vlog																																				I'm eating a subway sandwich drinking pink lemonade my life																																				You should try Soylent. (the pre-bottled drink not the powdered mix. The mix is gross.) It's 400cal. a bottle, and if you end up liking it, it's great for you, health wise. It has everything your body needs, and a bottle makes a great snack, plus it's easy to count calories with it. If you're really busy one day, and would rather not eat unhealthy crap or fast food, because that's all that a available, having a soylent bottle on hand would make a good replacement meal. It tastes like soy milk and gram crackers, or milk flavored cheerios. It's like no other food, so it might seem weird at first, but it doesn't have to be the only thing you consume. Personally, I'm pretty much on an only soylent and beer diet now, :-P but because I'm naturally skinny (I am not active and eat four cheese burgers from McDonnell's as a snack and the most I've ever weighed is 145, when anyone els would've been 350) I end up craving meat and cheese like crazy. I think in part my metabolism needs more, plus these types of comfort foods are addictive. So if you do try it, don't be surprised if you develop cravings. And also, the actual physical feeling of being full, will feel different... ok I'm ranting... and drunk lol. just try it. It's healthy, easy, and just all around better than everything els out there. Plus if you become a soylent only kind of person, you get to say you're a vegan. How cool is that!? [No animals harmed in the making of this person.]																																				I'm very proud of you Gabb. :)																																				Gabbie this helped me alot __ i have diagnosed anxiety and i am really insecure about...well me __ You and Me in this together __ ILYSM - Mo xx																																				I'm so inspired by you ______________________________																																				"""Gabbie Isn't Haha funny"" gabbie gabbie I laugh my ass off your life is like a comedy show __"																																				"hi Gabbie !! my name is Viviana :) lemme just say that when I started watching you brought so much joy to my life and now I try to not miss one video. People also say I have a big nose. But I honestly dont see it on you!! But you dont seem to care what people think, and I love that. You are the only person I know who is considered to have a ""big nose"" however you are gorgeous. This may seem like a pointless paragraph but the point is thank you so much for not caring about what people think and to love your flaws and that's what I've learned to do after watching you. Love you Gabbie:)"																																				I was anorexic for about 2 years	 I kept comparing myself I people and felt not good enough. i lost around 20 pounds	 and I would weigh myself everyday. i became under weight	 was about 96 pounds i wanted to be less tho. I always thought I was fat still	 and become told me all the time I was so skinny. I hated looking at photos of myself when I was younger cause I looked so fat. I honestly don't know why I started eating	 I feel like my grandma try to make me eat every day	 and I know just telling someone to eat doesn't fix anything. I just went what the hell	 and then I gained 6 pounds and I was dying inside and I would try to loose it and then I kept eating more	 last time I checked I gained 12 pounds but I haven't checked in a month. I always think about going back cause I missed how skinny I was.																												Did u have anarexia cuz I've been seen by someone about that but I try to eat because my dad will get upset and I don't want to eat but I do but I'm so fat even tho doctors say I'm in the right Waight																																				i know from my own life that having someone tell you that you are perfect does not change your mind set	 but i will still say that you are beautiful. i have wished my whole life i had a body like you do. i struggle with my weight and have had several different eating disorders	 none of which changed anything about how i felt about myself and when i did lose weight i felt sick all the time and had no energy. i understand what you are going through and what you have gone through but regardless of how you feel about yourself you are still amazing and beautiful and many girls strive to have a body half as good as yours. while i don't agree 100% with every video you post on certain topics	 i do respect you and love you because you have a mind of your own and your own opinions and you are brave enough to talk about certain things. don't let the world tell you that you should look or feel or think a certain way. it ruins lives. i let it ruin mine for a very long time and it is no way to live if you ever want to be happy. YOU ARE BEAUTIFUL. keep doing you gabby. we love you because of the perfection that you are. <3																																	where do you get your t shirts?																																				I love this																																				this was so cool and well put																																				why am I crying																																				______________																																				Wow Gabbie you're such an amazing person!!__																																				omg I'm sobbing rn I struggle with binge eating I eat so much more than an average person and this video really helped me I'm so glad I bumped in to this video ilysm Gabbie ___																																				Stay strong	 lovely! Life can be hard and things like this make it so much harder. Thank you for sharing your story	 because so many people really do struggle. Just know you're not alone. Just as a tip for you	 from someone who really understands: Be happy	 focus on you and the things that make you happy. Weight virtually means nothing	 it is just a measurement. Life	 friends	 family	 and what you love to do are what is important. I'm glad you realize now the difference between health and the obsession of being thin. As you've realized	 these things don't just go away over night but it sounds like you are headed in the right direction. Good luck	 you're amazing! Love you!_																										Did u have bulimia																																				__ _ __																																				That inspirational song at the end though																																				Gabbie I thing you are so pretty and so not fat !!																																				I'm 22 years old and I am overweight. I have never been a thin girl. I am very insecure and have no confidence what so ever. I've never wore a tank top or even shorts before because I'm so self concious and believe that I am the ugliest person. As a teenager	 I would wear jackets in the summer just to hide my body.																																			This is exactly why you're nominated. You're influential and will help so so SO many people. Keep doing you _																																				OMG gabbie <3 thank you so much for this <3 and YES please do more videos on the subject																																				Oh man. I'm just sitting here trying to gain some weight	 because I'm skinny af...																																			GABBIE pleasee I really want to know your story cause a lot of people can relate to your experience in life																																				Gabbie	 you are amazing and so inspiring! I saw this and just started tearing up ____ you have no idea how much you have complimented so many people and made THEIR day! (me included) Seriously	 never let haters get to you because your fans are proud and so inspired! Stay strong.																																		You are Gorgeous!																																				Thank you Gabbie. Keep being you. I love your videos and you! ____																																				I am proud of you Gabbie. Just know that it's okay to cry to someone every now and then.																																				Omg you made me cry______																																				Hey gabbie I'm not sure if youre going to see this or reply but I just wanted to ask u your advice on having anxiety I'm 12 years old and I'm so nervous all the time bc of my anxiety everyone says I'm getting better but I'm not sure	 any advice?																																			Gabbie i love you so much your such an insperation!																																				I just wanna say before there's to many comment that I think that gabbie is beautiful and is an amazing person																																				Gabbie... i recognize myself in you so so much. this even made me cry	 cause it hit me so hard. you are an amazing inspiration	 and i'm so thankful to you for sharing this! even though it SUCKS to hear that you've been through similar things as me	 it's good to hear that you're not alone and that you can get better. hugs xx																																	My boyfriend was suffering from anorexia two years ago and he's still suffering from the aftermath. He went from 180 pounds to 110 in about six months	 he was just a month away from dying. Now	 two years later	 he still has horrible body dysmorphia and he still counts calories from time to time but he's doing so much better. I'm so proud of him and I'm proud of you <3																																	I went through the same exact thing as you did. I have such bad anxiety and it really sucked during high school because I was 65 lbs. up until my senior year of high school. I just gained more weight this year at 21 and now am in the 130's. I really do understand what you have gone through. I see a therapist and cry all the time about my weight. Also	 when I was a kid I had trouble swallowing and when you said what you did in this video	 it hit home. I love your videos and I hope you get better.																																		i want an n depth vid pls. I am proud of you for telling everybody this	 i know it is not easy.																																			So proud of you Gabbie! This video probably helped so many people struggling with the same issue																																				im so proud of gabbie and of anyone fighting eating disorder. its a really hard thing to go through. i personally never never struggled with eating disorders but i have struggled with self shaming and hating my body. I'm not trying to put my personal business out there	 but what I'm trying to put out there is that i did learn that self hating will lead me no where	 instead pull me back from my goals. so if your reading this comment and you're struggling just know that i truly believe you can get through it. its better said than done but not impossible.																																		Thank you Gabbie____																																				This video really hit home. I have been watching your videos for a while now and this is by far my favorite. Thank you so much for making this video. Please know you are loved and perfect the way you are. <3																																				Awesome vids!!! It would be awesome if you could check out our channel ( BethanyxHannah ) to help us grow in the YouTube community it would be such a great honor!!! Btw ~ Your vids are inspiring to us and I bet it's the same to loads of other people keep up the great work!!! <3																																				Everyone have a nice day today!______																																				Thick girls are better for loving anyways.																																				All you 94 people can go suck it. This video was so beautiful and touching.																																				____________																																				I actually love you so much Gabbie																																				you are an amazing beautiful person. don't let anyone tell you otherwise. whenever you see a bad comment look at all the the others that tell you how muched you are loved and how gorgeous you are. ilysm																																				I can so relate to your story :( love you Gab __																																				I am so proud of you	 not just for opening up and talking about something so important and personal but for making so much progress for yourself and your health!																																			You're beautiful Gabbie. Thanks for making this video __																																				I think I have an eating disorder but how do I tell someone?																																				You're not fat																																				start to tell your self you are fine every day																																				If you are comfortable I would like a more in depth video																																				Thanks for sharing that you don't need to be drastically overweight to have an eating problem. I think that that's something a lot of people don't consider																																				I have to say every time I watch your videos my self confidence goes up	 because I see an awesome	 strong	 and independent woman who is making something of herself! You're beautiful no matter what anyone says	 and that goes for everyone else in this universe!																																"I'm not commenting this to be an ""attention whore"" or anything but I wanted to share my story as well. About two weeks ago I went out with my friend's. Throughout the whole night I got complimented on my body. Like ""Oh my god, can we trade bodies? You're soo skinny."" It felt really good. I decided that if I'm skinny now, what will happen if I get skinnier. I have no time to go to the gym or anything, so the only way I thought I could lose weight is starve myself. I didn't eat for a week and got really sick. I was puking up my stomach acid. I am 13 and now weigh 91.4 pounds. I am going through therapy and life has been rough. Daily I get called ""skeleton"" or gegt asked if I do drugs. It's hard but I hope I can pull through. <3"																																				"Hey I'm 4'11"" and I used to be 127 pounds an now I'm 98 pounds and my brother wants me to quit losing weight and no matter how much I force myself to eat I keep losing weight he keeps getting mad at me and I when I was losing weight I was so scared to gain weight and so scared to eat I need help can someone help me please"																																				GABBIE do a meetup in new castle!																																				YOUR BODY IS GOALS GABBIE																																				Thanks for making a video like this																																				I have struggled with an eating disorder since I was 11	 that was over 10 years ago	 10 years of struggling	 I would really appreciate it if you would share your story.																																	I hope you read this because as someone who has suffered from an eating disorder	 you are so brave and strong and so inspirational to everyone. You are so fab and such a nice person. I wish you all the best in your recovery ______																																			I love this community. the first page of comments is just all positive!																																				Strong Mensage																																				__________________________ i love u																																				I really think u should go into more depth this is really interesting and eye opening																																				Gab you are beautiful just the way you are!																																				That was beautiful and your amazing	beautiful	talented and the best love u																																		gabbie i think your a beautiful woman and you make little girl believe in theirselfs to dream and try to something new and keep it up i am proud of you																																				gabbie you amazing your body is amazing no matter how it looks as long as your happy and you have confidence I hope you can have confidence and be healthy and the best you can be																																				Gabi your beautiful <3																																				aww we love you gab!! sharing your story is definitely helping so many people and I'm proud of you for gaining the courage!!																																				So proud of you. you are so brave! love you																																				has gabbie done a draw my life?																																				Thank you for this video																																				you are not fat. you just have all the right stuff in all the right places																																				Wow	you are the strongest woman i have ever come across																																			gabbie you make me laugh the most in the world	 I look forward to your videos every Wednesday and Friday because you inspire me. I honestly think your beautiful and thank you for sharing your story	 I have gained so much confidence __																																		your not fat	 you are SO pretty																																			thank you for coming out and making this video you really inspired me to track my calories and make sure I start eating an adequate amount																																				"I really think ""eating disorders"" is a lack of self discipline...you can control any part of u though determination, not try to spread hate I'm just saying not exercising and eating unhealthy and getting upset when you are labeled ""fat"" is BS bc you don't do anything to fix the problem..."																																				you're amazing and so brave. thank you so much for sharing this. it's not important	 but bc there are so many people pointing out negatives	 i want you to know that I think you look fabulous! you've clearly lost weight and toned up. good luck with this	 we all have our demons. love you gabbie. thank YOU for letting me be a part of your family.																																	I can relate so much. I'm going through the same thing. I told myself that i didn't have a eating disorder	 but I did. this helped a lot thank you.																																			Your video really hit home I have been obsessing over my weight and thinking about it day and night. I'm 15 and I have already tried so many diets and have starved myself some times but I actually really needed to here that message I'm still trying to love my body but thank you for that video__																																				Love you so much you are great!																																				Thank u for making a video like those I have always been called I'm fat and stuff like that but the awful thing am I thought I was to and it's just good to know that I'm not the only one thank u gabbie and for all the people out there that make fun of her don't plz she is amazing and makes me smile																																				You have allways skiny ________																																				I am actually starting to like you. Genuine content like this is what makes me appreciate you	 you dont have to tell us uber stories or tinder funny shit	 thats the stuff that matters	 giving the fans advice and letting them know that you are there and being raw and just sharing inspiring stories not just making people laugh by beating yourself up about your relationships failing. Thank you for this.																																	I would love to see a more detailed video about your ED... Thank you for this.																																				I love u so much gabbie 	 this world is just really really f***ed up. ______																																			Aww Gabbie	 You're NOT fat at all																																			is it weird that im afraid to step on a scale??																																				I think everyone can use a smile																																				I love this video. I relate so much to this video. Struggling with anorexia for three years	 I've had many emotions running through my mind. Thank you for putting it into words.																																			You go Gabbie. You're such an inspiration																																				To quote the fabulous Trisha paytas F= fabulous A= and T= tasty																																				Lysm gabbie be who u wanna be and don't be ashamed of your body it's perfect____________																																				i don't think she looks fat																																				GABBIE you're not fat you're PERFECT in your own way!! So everybody needs to stop telling her she is fat!!____																																				____________																																				You're so beautiful and inspiring... I just love you																																				I wish i was skinner even though I have tried in still fat __ and I guess I look up to her in a way because I wish I could be committed like that but where I live (in Scotland) it's always bad weather and I love cycling football shinty it's hard to get out and when it's nice out and I'm not doing chores and home work not a lot of my friends play football or shinty and in summer it's rainy a lot and my friends are always away on holiday and where I live is kinda in the countryside it's 10miles to the closest town and that's where my high school is. So there's not many kids my age (13)__																																				gabi is goals <3																																				I eat dis order of fries																																				The Media can be a cruel place and it took a lot of guts to speak openly about this	 not many people admit these kind of things and some people still avoid the subject of eating disorders... That is why we love you so much Gabbie	 you are true to yourself and we've seen you grow more confident and more accepting of yourself and you have ALWAYS been beautiful!! You deserve so much respect and love and thank you for showing us that there is no shame in being yourself...*																																		I love you for doing this __																																				No	 did people really fucking said that you're fat? When would you tel someone he/she is fat? Even if you were fat	 they had no reason to post such a comment__! (I said even if....)																																		"It's so frustrating to hear about so many of these women being down on themselves when they look freaking amazing. Gabbie is absolutely beautiful in both face and body yet she's sitting up here going ""I'm fat, I'm fat, I'm fat, I'm fat"". I CAN'T be the only one that thinks she is incredibly attractive. I'm on the outside; there HAS to be people IN her life who have similar sentiments so how do so many still end up like this? I truly don't get it and I guess I can't since I'm a man. My look aren't as important"																																				Gabbie, I am so extremely proud of you. I have had a mild case of bulimia in 7th and 8th grade but thanks to the help of my friends, I'm now 7 months recovered. I know what it feels like to have your body be the only thing on your mind and how to change it by changing your diet around, I do. I know the horrors of an eating disorder but thank God I never really experienced anything bad. I just want to tell ALL girls and boys this right now: Your body is what you have, but it is NOT who you are. Who you are is lovable, kind, beautiful, and powerful. Eating disorders are scary, but once you recover you will come out stronger. Thank you Gabbie for sharing this with us, I know its tough to open up about these kinds of things <3 I'm looking forward to my freshman year of high school being positive and confident and I will wear what I like, despite my body type. I love you! <3																																				Gabbie you are beautiful																																				Omg I love you! +TheGabbieShow																																				well done Gabbie																																				Thank you gabbie __________																																				I'm very proud of you	 I have faith that one day this struggle will completely be gone in your life																																			Tais is my favorite video of all time.So inspiring______																																				I lost so many pounds and everyone started complimentoing me and now im on a binge train and I have no idea how to shake it off.																																				girl im overweight and i consider myself more beutiful more than other girls																																				One of the best things I have ever seen. I love you Gabbie ____																																				More indepth																																				I'm speechless. In a good way.																																				The thing is as long as you're healthy and your weight isn't damaging that health whether you're thin or got curves there is no problem. There is no real perfect body	 the perfect body would be a healthy body. That's all :)																																			Please make another video like this...i can relate. My friends want to go swim tomorrow but i said no	 they are soo skinny i can't be around them in a bikini i'm soo ashamed.... But still thank you for this! It really helps...__																																			But you're fat as fuck though																																				WE LOVE YOU SO MUCH GABBIE STAY STRONG AND YOUR SO BEAUTIFUL <3<3 AND AGAIN WE LOVE YOU <3																																				Yeah I would like a full journey video :')																																				________																																				love your self girl your sexy as hell																																				I hate that I`m only 4`10/4`11 and I weight 85 lbs when I just weighed 82 lbs last month or so. And I hate that it bothers me. I`m 23 and I don`t gain weight easily but honestly since the scale went back up for 85 lbs (which I`m aware is not fat by any means)	 I havent`t felt that great about myself. I`ve been eating badly and I`m not sure why..I also stopped doing my daily workouts. Almost like I gave up on myself. It`s a weird feeling feeling fat and gross when deep down you know you`re far from being either.																																			Thanks for sharing Gabbie <3																																				Thank you SO MUCH for sharing this. I've always felt that way about my body too	 and comparison really is the root of evil!! Thanks for making yourself so vulnerable	 because I feel like this is going to reach so many people out there struggling with body image.																																		Gabbie is most probably the realest YouTuber xx																																				you're not alone _ I have a eating disorder also and I'm working on breaking the habit. I've also been told my whole life I was fat my eating disorder got to the point where my neighbors thought I was sick I was seriously skin and bones and when I looked in the mirror I saw a 200 or more pound person . . .but I remember I weighed 116 or 117 I was a size 4 or 5 depends on the store and the brand of clothing now here I am holding my month and 2 week old baby I still have the pregnancy fat and I'm kicking my a** for it . . my sister is saying you're really fat I'm thinner than you are now and my brother said you got bigger you're not as skinny and I don't mean to starve myself I don't mean to do any of it but I know I'm still doing it cause of what my family is saying moral of this is don't surround yourself with people who put you down Gabby. love ya ___																																				Gabbie you are such an inspiration to me and this video has really opened my eyes																																				My best friend her younger cousin who's only eight years old is anorexic																																				"""its not about loosing weight its about gaining confidence"". wow thank you so much Gabbie you are such a beautiful person inside and out"																																				"This made me tear up a little bit. My mom always told me to love my body, and I do! I don't mind my chubby thighs or short limbs (though this hasn't always been true) haha, but I've noticed that a lot of my friends put down their own bodies. It makes me hurt for them because one, I never know what to say in response to self-deprecation, and because they should love their bodies! You only get one body, so you might as well take good care of it, right? I'm glad that you are taking care of yourself, Gabbie; you have an awesome body and are an awesome person!"																																				I suffer through the same thing but no one knows except my closest friends and I know that when some tells you your beautiful you don't believe but please believe it you are beautiful and amazing! You make me feel happy when I'm sad! Stay strong!__																																				I've struggled with comparing myself too others most of my life. Thank you so much for sharing your story __________________																																				I suffer through the same thing but no one knows except my closest friends and I know that when some tells you your beautiful you don't believe but please believe it you are beautiful and amazing! You make me feel happy when I'm sad! Stay strong!__																																				watches video**compares symptoms to my own.... oh. that makes a lot of sense.																																				I can relate to your story.. Fortunately I solved my issue thanks to veganism	 now I can eat a looot of food and uncounsciously I tell to myself that if it's vegan it's healthy (which is not really true when it's junk food lol).. Anyway I wish to everyone who is struggling with eating disorder to find the thing that will work for them	 I mean it! xx																																		"To everyone saying ""I'm gonna start eating more calories"" First of all, congratulations!!! We are all so very proud of you!!! But second, please remember to not just binge little Debbie snacks. You want to gain weight, make sure you are trying to gain healthy weight, not fat. Or if you are trying to lose weight but still eat properly, you want to eat healthy so you don't end up putting more on. This is not a hate comment of course, I'm in the same boat. But please remember loves, no mater what your goal is, there is a difference between having a real well proportioned meal and gaining calories and having a whole pizza for dinner and gaining calories. Lots of love______"																																				this is so inspiring I nearly cried...																																				I wanna hear more I have an eating disorder too and I always throw up after I eat____																																				Thanks Gabbie! I always enjoy your videos. This one makes me want to be a better person																																				"Tell my why I read this as ""my battle with my baby""__"																																				being fat is a blessing it's better than being somewhere that I can't eat at all and die																																				lol i eat 24/7 non stop but can u do a fanmail friday i sent u a letter and some really cool draw8ngs and want to know 8f u got it																																				As someone with an eating disorder	 my stomach dropped when I saw this video. Thank you for sharing your journey Gabbie ________																																			"All us black guys who hear that she's been trying to lose wait are now shouting, ""NOOOOOO, what are you doing?"""																																				Dear, Gabbie you are perfect just the way you are.Don't let anyone make you feel like you arent.You are my idol,i look up to you all the time and i dont want you to feel insecure about yourself u're a human being and just like any human being u have flaws.And those flaws make you,you. i love you and i hope you get to see and respond to this comment. -your fan																																				you are beautiful Gabbie you truly are																																				Why do people call her fat I mean her body is goals!!																																				Gabbie don't let anyone bring u down you are perfect the way you are u be u girl and life the best life possible																																				To me Gabby Could be wify <3 <3 <3																																				Gabbie	 I think you're beautiful! :)																																			Eat to live don't live to eat __ thank you for sharing																																				Gabbie is so Beatiful and she is pretty skinny I love they way she is and I'm glad she is focusing on being healthy______#teamunderdogs are here!!																																				Gabbie i love that you realize you can really utilize your platform to help people and actaully to action on it. I also struggle and have all my life so i know the feelings you have in everyday life they are very very hard to over come. Thank you for making this video and going out of your comfort zone and honestly it helped me alot so if anything know at the end of the day you helped make my life better so if there is any hate it doesn't matter bc you succeed in what you were trying to accomplish by sharing your story. Thanks love you girl																																				Can we please have a more in depth video about this from you??? Your story sounds so similar to me. Can we please hear more?? I love you Gab!!!! So much!!!! and please stay strong! I know exactly what its like. I have an ED and watching this really hit home for me. I love you extremely much and ive subscribed a long time ago and always thought of you as a friend. You are so pretty and loving and caring. #StayStrong																																				She accidentally put the description of this video in her last vlog																																				"Honestly...this video makes me feel like I can relate and connect with you on a deeper level. For many years I have been told that I was fat and ugly because I was fat, but in reality I eat right, I exercise, I am a ballet dancer and I could never loose the weight. I have Rheumatoid Arthritis and I'm 20 years old, I've suffered with it since i was three and it is a genetic disease that runs in my family. Due to this, I have to take lots of different pain medication that has a side affect of gaining weight. There were many days where I would look in the mirror and think that I wasn't eating the right things therefore I wasn't skinny, when in reality my weight was caused by heavy medication. It wasn't until I reached age sixteen that I developed a ""Screw you and your thoughts about me"" mentality. I suffered with depression, body image, and overall self worth issues from the time I was 8 years old and into my teens I contemplated suicide a few times. I want to thank you for stepping out and being a positive voice, Gabbie, for being someone for young girls to look up to who look in the mirror and don't feel loved because they're compared to society's view points of what their bodies should look like. Thank you for letting me know that I'm not the only one out there who is suffering, and thank you for showing us that changing the way you think about yourself can ultimately change your life for the better. Love you girl."																																				Beautiful story Gabbie such inspiration ________																																				I feel the same Gabby	 I've struggled with disorders like this my whole life and finally broke through a while ago. Your videos are so inspiring to me and thank you for proving to me that it gets better. I love you																																			__________																																				babe... I hope you're better now We always got your back even if we are just in the comment section #TeamUnderdogs																																				True																																				Wohseibbageht Like if you get it! ____																																				everyone who said she was fat she maybe famous but she has feelings to but I love her the way she is																																				Awe Gabbie you have no idea how much your words just helped me. It was a beautiful video.																																				I promise that you are beautiful. Please just keep being your amazing self!																																				stay strong gabbie________ we love you____________																																				Gabbie you are fucking perfect if I were to ever meet you I would tell you that and that you are my inspiration. When you are low I am. I love you so much __ __ __ __																																				U be u we are all here to support u __________________________																																				U deserve a smile. Gabbie	 I have looked up to u since forever. I don't wanna make a huge paragraph about my life	 but I'm going through things rn. I just really love the way u put a smile on MY face when I just feel depressed. Thank you so much Gabbie for making me find hope again. U are my angel. (-:																																		____________																																				I want to hug you for being so real	 and brave. Well done Gabbs. Be the best version of yourfelf xoxo																																			Gabbie I respect you so much for this.. it helped me alot and I love you for that:) also you are so beautiful and you have an amazing body																																				We love you Gab	 no matter what ^3^																																			I really hope you will make another video on this	 on your journey.																																			I just posted a video about my binge eating if you guys want advice with eating disorders __																																				Pls more in depth																																				She's literally such a beautiful human.																																				Thank you so much for uploading this video																																				Fat is nothing	 your health is all that matters. I love you Gabbi!!!______																																			"""Your before photo, might be somebody's goal photo"" is a quote I will now live by"																																				Gabbie u are not fat feel confident about yourself don't listen to people that call u fat and call u mean name u are who u are never ever think ur fat ur so beautiful and I want u to feel confident about yourself ur awesome																																				Thanks Gabbie this really helped																																				Whoever like this video is an asshole																																				:')																																				I was expecting this from the accidental description box post on your vlogs																																				Thank you i have done alot of these things you mentioned and thankyou for recognizing it and stay heathy my girl and best of luck to you!																																				You're a wonderful and strong person. Much love																																				please make a more in depth video of your journey if you are comfortable with it. I would really love it and it would help me. Thank you. __																																				Aww Gabbie #beconfidnet																																				i just realised i have an eating disorder :O																																				almost cried... thats ok																																				More depth	 please. Btw Ilysm__________																																			Gabbie	 thank you	 you have no idea how much this blessed me today-I needed to hear so much of what you had to say. Thank you for speaking from the heart and being vulnerable	 I know it isn't easy	 but I think you're doing a great job with sharing important and relevant content. You're the best. I hope your day is amazing.																																Who cares if you don't upload a haha video this is your channel and you can upload what you want																																				Honestly she's my ideal weight and she's not fat at all																																				Gabbie you're so beautiful __																																				This is very helpful and I'm gonna try and practice what she says I've been stifling with feeling fat for the past three years of my life and I am gonna try and just not worry so much about my weight because I have always said look at GABBIE thinikig it was stupid that GABBIE thought she was fat and and people have said the same to me and I really think that perspective is so important and think about fitness over weight																																				wow gabbie I really just wanna say thx____ because I've been trying to lose weight and stuff and I kinda stopped eating and when I would want food I would take it out then put it back right away but now I won't do that starting today __ so thanks																																				love you gabby	 you are are a beautiful human being <3																																			Your awesome gabbs ! Love ur videos wish I could meet you or that you could respond to one of my snapchatss !!!																																				Truly inspiring! Thanks	 Gabs	 love you loads!																																		I want to thank you Gabbie	 I'm 12 years old	 but small for my age	 when ever I would go to the doctor they would tell me that I'm over weight and I have to loose the pounds. I stuck the feeling I'm my head that I'm too fat	 I have a sister. that has a body I've always wanted	 she's tall and skinny	 every day I look at myself in the mirror and see if I have lost or gained 	 I've always been ashamed of my body and I don't like wearing 2 piece bathing suits or really tight shirts	 and that's the reason I want to thank you for this because you taught me to love me for who I am not for my body	 you've taught me to be who I am without being ashamed . Thank you Gabbie ____.																											"This honestly made me cry... I've been suffering from anorexia for over 5 years now, and I'm 17 now. It's so amazing how much I can relate to everything you are saying, since I live it everyday. I believe anxiety plays a big role in how eating disorders start, since I've always had terrible anxiety.. I've been in the hospital and to rehab so many times for only being 17, and people don't realize how much an eating disorder can consume you and take over your life. I'm glad you are doing better and I honestly hope I can do the same one day. It's harder to recover from an eating disorder than people realize; one of the hardest things to do in my entire life."																																				Shut up you fat bitch	 make up your own jokes.																																			please make a comlete video about this	 i wanna know because i kind of have the same	 please!!!																																		I just want to tell u YOUR PERFECT DONT CHANGE__ your beautiful__																																				So proud of you for making this video Gabbie__																																				awww Gabby your so beautiful! don't let other people tell u otherwise! because doesn't matter if ur fat or skinny! there will always be someone who likes u for u! and maybe I'm one of those people__																																				please make a more in depth video :)																																				U not fat cabbie don't let people call u fat cause they say tht cause they nknow tht tht make u sad or mad or feel bad but ur. Not fat ur perfectly fine its OK																																				lol i also have an eating disorder I've gotten better at controlling my hunger ans still continue to work on it...i understand because even after years i still continue to deal with it																																				Damn...What truly sucks about this video is that Gabbie doesn't know how truly beautiful she is...																																				A lot of people want to lose weight while I'm over here trying to gain weight...																																				best video !!! you are beautiful just the way you are gab ! I know is hard but you can do it !																																				Thanks for being brave __																																				"OMG , Gabbie i love you so much. You brighten up my day when i'm having hard times and i wanted to thank you for that x) And btw Your body looks soooo good ! ;) I love your curves"																																				"""It's not about losing weight, It's about gaining confidence."" - I love this"																																				"Hey whoever is reading this I have a message for you: You are NOT fat. You HAVE fat. You CANNOT let that fat take control of your life. You can LOSE that fat. No one IS fat; you CARRY that fat around and it is NOT a permanent thing."																																				i also use an app and my normal day is like 900 calories and i just can't eat more..																																				gabs first of all	 why do people F-ing care about there body. like if you are fat That's ok	 if some body doesn't like you for you're body then there not Worth it. if you're healthy like 60-130 kg then i could be with you forever just because i like you not you're body. I am Dutch so sorry if this is kinda weird or something but these are the words of a true fangirl from holland																																		This meant a lot to me right now. I have been trying to lose weight and become fit recently and I have been focusing a lot on how many calories i eat and whether i lose more weight or not. But hearing your story and just watching this whole video made me feel a lot better. Thank you	 and btw you are beautiful!																																			I've been battling with things like this	 and I feel so fat. I don't know why																																			Wait what	 she ate goldfish?																																			could you do a video in which you talk about it in depth? ly __																																				this vidoe really helped me in so many ways	thank u																																			I'm not hating but is she sunburned?																																				"Gabbie, you really are an awesome woman. You're real, you're extremely easy to relate with, and your fuggin gorgeous! stay strong, stay happy, stay healthy baby, cuz this world is your oyster. So shuck the shit out of it. ;)"																																				i have anxiety and. depreesion yes it sucks but i just think positie all the time																																				I LOVE YOU GABBY																																				ily	 ty for talking about this _																																			Man u and me gabbie would so get along me too 5:35 same people told me I was fat all Im life so I keep tht in my head and said u r fat and I starved myself too ....I guess no one has the perfect body! Man I relate gabbie																																				I love this video:). Thanks gabbie																																				I love that Gabbie posted this video... <3																																				You make this video yet you have called out Trisha for eating 10	000 calories implying something wrong with her..... Hmmmm....__																																			Thank you for being such an inspiration Purple Hearts for you gabbie ____________																																				Okay what. Her body is honestly so perfect																																				You are truly an inspiration Gabbie	 thank you for opening up and sharing your story. I know it isn't easy	 but just keep being the amazing you that all of us love. You are beautiful inside and out	 don't ever let anyone make you feel different!																																	Gabbie	 you've always been such an inspiration to me. You're beautiful and ilysm <3 I go through a lot of what you are now	 and knowing someone else has helps so much. <3																																		People need to stop commenting	 shaming people because of their body type in the end when we are all old no ones going to care how you look. The way that you act and think is all that truly matters your body will eventually go to waste and it won't matter it's what you say that people care about and there is already so much hate in this world that it's time to change that and spread more positivity. Stop hating on people. In the end we are all human and we are all different. There is no need to be the same if we live in a world where we can each express ourselves differently.																																			Can you please tell the hole story with the details?																																				what about that nose disorder																																				honey you're great and beautiful you has always been _																																				Her body is great	 she being annoying af																																			Hi Gabbie	 I pretty sure you will never read this comment. And I am also sure that pretty much every second person is writing this. I am usually the person who watches every single youtube video but never leaves a comment. So that's a first. I just wanted to let you know that I think you are an amazing person. I also know that every person struggles	 as perfect as they might be or seem. I think it is amazing and couragous that you shared your story. You and your videos (especially your vlogs) always brighten my day. I just wanted to let you know that. Keep smiling! Love you and Greetings from Germany. Xo Jasmin																																		Gabbie honestly ur fucking beutiful 	 Your so just idk beutiful																																			By like 5:54 mins in I started crying this really hit me in the heart I love you Gabbie!!____ you are an inspiration																																				gabbie don't worry about your size you are beautiful	 even without makeup and lots of people wish they had a body like you	 mabey you just don't see how naturally gorgeous you are because you are so used to it. I love you so much and this video was really inspiring! thank you!!!!																																		This really touched my heart too because i hate how people judge people on their looks and that is sooo ring gabbie u are such and inspiration u have came such a long way and I want to be just like u when i get older______________________I luv u______________________________																																				gabbie	 you are absolutely beautiful no matter what anyone says! you are amazing inside and out	 you give me hope and happiness to do the best I can. keep smiling _																																		You're an inspiration ______																																				You have such a perfect body	 you're beautiful	 okay. And I would love to know about your journey. __																																		ahahahahah. im sad you got healthy. get fat again please for my amusement																																				Oh my gosh. I had no idea..now i have someone to look up to because i have an ED that i am trying to recover from																																				"thank you so much gabbie this got me really emotional as lately I have been thinking I'm not good enough and people don't want me to be happy so I haven't been happy to make them happier but then I thought I was getting so miserable that if something was to happen to me would anyone care so naturally i wanted something to happen just to see. I was about to do something one day and it would be the first time I self harmed or anything like that because I used to be so happy but then I told myself theres no point hurting myself when I could just change myself so I've been trying so hard to loose weight lately to make people ""accept"" me but this video made me realise I don't need to change myself at all so thank you"																																				Literally this is what I talked about with my own therapist today. This video really touched me - makes me feel normal. <3 you Gab!																																				yesterday was the first time I've gotten up to 1000 calories in three months... This really helped me a lot __ I feel so much better because I'm still struggling and I'm trying..																																				________																																				your body has a perfect shape and size it's literally goals																																				thank you for speaking out on this gabbie. ive dealt with binge eating and bulimia	 so i know how you feel. ive only seen your serious videos	 but you have earned a new subscriber :)																																		This hit me hard. Thank you.																																				SERIOUS GABBIE IS MY FAVORITE GABBIE																																				Gabbie	 no matter what your weight is	 you are beautifiul.																																		U are perfect just the way u are don't let anybody criticize u ______I luv u __																																				You are amazing__ I am so beyond proud of you for telling the world what you've been struggling with, because SO MANY people (that are probably subscribers) are fighting the same fight. Im also incredibly proud of your determination and success. Mental illnesses are never easy to overcome or even work through and your effort is truly paying off. Though we all find you beautiful to begin with, Im so happy that YOU are finally starting to see how beautiful you are. And honestly, fuck everyone that has ever commented about your weight or size or just anything negative, because honestly, all it does is make them a bitter disgruntled asshole and prove that you are above them on morality and in kindness. Keep working and getting better! And always remember, YOU'RE BEAUTIFUL.																																				I am so sorry you've had to struggle with this Gabbie! You are beautiful inside and outside! Please don't take into consideration hateful comments about your body image or any for that matter! I see it on social media all the time and I just don't understand how people can think it's ok to put people down. I'm so happy you're on your way towards a healthier lifestyle-- it really is life changing! More recently I've been really into the running community and found they're the nicest and most supportive and encouraging people I've ever encountered! I hope you surround yourself with positive people and love yourself! Cause we certainly love you!!																																				Your a beautiful individual and your family is probably the best family I could be part of Gabbie. Thank you for getting me to laugh everyday day and I we got your back homie!																																				I luv u no matter wat u r one of the best youtubers																																				purple hearts ____________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________I love u__________________________________________________________________________________always stay strong and never give up																																				Thank you so much for this video! I have struggled with an eating disorder (BED) wich made me binge without control. I sometimes couldnt remember how I walked to the fridge and how I had eaten most of the food I forced into me. I sometimes even ate so much that I threw up (not on purpose but I just ate so much my body couldnt handle it). I have a sickness that makes me gain weight much faster and lose it much slower so that when I got it I went from a skinny girl to well... something I used to hate. I went from Extra small to Large in 2 years and I also started to hit puberty at this point sooo yeah it wasnt a good time. All my friends were like super super skinny thigh gap girls and damn I was so jealous. I also have several other mental health issues that caused the BED but whatev. I binge now way less than a few years before and thanks to my medication (antidepressants) I can look in the mirror and smile instead of cry. I love my body how it is now and I know that it is mostly because of the medication. I hope I can get as strong as you and look in the mirror and like what I see because I know that I look great without some medicine that makes me more positive! Since I have been watching your videos and vines I just got more aware that girls who are not skinnie-minnies can still show of and wear short pants or skirts or sleeveles and form fitting shirts because you always look so amazing and proud. That curves look great and in my opinion better than bones. Everyone has bones but not everyone has curves! (that just needed to get out at some point phew)																																				if it's not too much	 can you please do an in depth video?																																			Your beautiful don't let anyone tell you otgerwise																																				You are never alone I'm going into my freshman year of high school and for almost 3 years I haven't been eating right some days I will east one slice of an apple or nothing because I'm to nervous to eat in front of people. Yes I know it's stupid but I have such a high level of anxiety I can't eat. I'm scared people will think I'm fat because I eat	 the worst part is I'm so hungry it hurts	 sometime I binge and puke afterwords.																																		I love u so much gabbie __ ur so fucking real this made me cry bc I can relate to this																																				i went about 3 minuets in then i just couldn't watch anymore.. it was to sad :'( LOVE U GAB!																																				I'm skinny	 and people at my school and my older sister make fun of me because they think I'm anorexic.																																			Wow	 I just realize something. I have a eating disorder! Thank you	 Gabbie! Anyway	 I love you!																																	Wasn't going to leave a comment but felt compelled to tell you how brave you are. It takes a lot of courage to talk about things like this	 and one of of the reasons I started watching your videos. Just wanted you to know that there are people out there that support you and think your pretty! Glad you are on the road to having a more positive outlook on your body.																																			Gabble	 u are beautiful. Ur body	 ur face	 and ur heart are beatuful. This video is very inspiring __ don't think of what people think of u and just focus on u__ Ilysm gabble	 stay happy __																																OMG.... Gabbie your life is honestly me! __ thank you so much for this video! Ily ____																																				Gabbie you made me cry. I never knew you had such a hard time. I love you so much. Be yourself! #WeightDoesn'tMatter																																				Her body is actually perfect																																				____________________																																				I have a ED... But it's not that bad yet...																																				I feel like this is my life																																				I would love to hear a more in depth journey because its inspiring to see how far you came :)																																				I've had eating disorder and i still have panic attacks sometimes, but i'm only 18 and we only have one life. Thank you Gabbie, you are really a role model.																																				I love you so so so much gab																																				____________________________________																																				my best friend has anorexia and is in treatment for the second time. she sent me this and said that know she truly feels that she is not alone and has a role model. __																																				Hey	 gabbie your perfect the way you are. Don't let anyone let you down. I love you. __ I love your curves:)																																			I love everything you just said gabby. Well said.!seriously. These things are what are in my brain a lot and you just voices them for me																																				______																																				________________																																				______________																																				________																																				Wait... Wait.. Wait.... YOU ATE GOLDFISH?!?!?! WHAT?!?! Is this some type of American snack thing or	 she actually ate GOLDFISH?!?! I'm sorry but that sentence is just really bugging me and I need to know.																																			your beautiful just the way you are. I really glad you told us __																																				Always tear up when i watch Gabbie's vids..																																				I'm legit crying gabble you are not fat you never have been ily and so do all your subscribers																																				Yeah I was the same I had a eating disorder because my best friend called me fat we are not friends anymore though thank you Gabbie so much for inspiring me loves ya____																																				Gabbie is the best __ she is one of the most confident person ever																																				I am so proud of you. You're so beautiful! __																																				this was so inspirational and i practically cried as i was watching because i suffer from major self-confidence	 this reminded me that i should love myself and im not the only one who feels this way. love you lots xo																																			Aww I kinda preferred her on the plumper side																																				i love you even more now																																				Your not fat! Your so gorgeous and so actual goals. ____________																																				I needed to hear this. I've been struggling with weight loss for the past four months. It's so strange to see someone who seems so happy and care free	 struggle with something like this. I'm sorry for hearing about this.. You're so wonderful! And you're beautiful and I'm not just saying that. I've been starving myself for as much as I could go and when I really needed to eat I would sometimes binge... And then of course I just wouldn't eat as much the next few days to make up for the binging. U told exactly what I feel. Who would've known someone as successful and amazing as u	 would share a flaw with a no named girl. But these flaws don't define us. Being wonderful and nice and sending positive vibes to the world define us. Gabbie	 I never knew u had anything like this. You seem so joyful all the time	 but I guess that proves that people behind the screens have their own struggles. I don't know what you do to get rough your struggles	 but I watch your videos to get through the mine.																															I have a eating disorder I am scared to eat food and I am scared to gain weight. What you said in this vid help me.__																																				I've struggled with eating disorders for the past two or so years of my life. I wouldn't eat for days	 and when I would eat	 I would only eat small things. This only lasted for about a month. Then my father threatened me	 and my mother threatened to not but food for my pets	 so I had to start eating. I tried for a little bit to eat normally but the sudden weight gain butchered my already horrible self esteem. So in secret	 I would force myself to throw up my food. It wasn't until a few months ago that I actually ate like a normal person should	 but I hate myself and my body a lot. I've been skipping meals	 restricting myself for the past two weeks. All I can see is fat. I can't go out and by clothes	 or wear a bathing suit. I just break. This has contributed to my severe depression and anxiety. This is really long	 sorry. I just wanted to share my story with you	 Gabbie	 and anyone else who is going through this. It's a problem. I'm so proud that she managed to get help and get better.																									I have the same issues. I've been called fat since I was a kid and I always see myself bad. When I'm in reality average :/ this really sucks...																																				You are beautiful																																				She is such a great role model!__																																				love this!!! thank you for opening up your soul to us																																				Awe Gabbie I love how you talked about this. You're so sweet to help out countless of people who deal with eating disorders by talking about your own experiences.																																				Gabbie	 You inspire me so much you have gotten me through so many hard times and i want to say thankyou for this xx :)																																			Gabbie you are an inspiration to me	 thank you so much for posting this	 I've been struggling with the same thing lately and you really put it all in perspective for me. I love you as always																																		"Hey gabbie, do me a favor and shush your face so that i can say ""I lush you! __"" See what i did there? No...? Alright bye. __ Anywho keep up the good work and stay strong ____"																																				I was eating goldfish while watching this																																				____________________________________________________________________________________________________________________WE________________________LOVE______________________YOU______________________GABBIE________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________WE________________________LOVE______________________YOU______________________GABBIE________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________WE________________________LOVE______________________YOU______________________GABBIE____________________________________________________________																																				I would like a more in depth video of your eating Disorder.																																				____________________________________________																																				GABBIE!!! your sooooo awesome	 you inspired me to try harder not to think about it ILYSM!!!!!! ____________ (BTW theres some nasty comments down there but its ok	 carma will let them step on lego) ______																																		you are ACTUALLY beautiful! I literally don't understand how you can't/couldn't see how perfect you are. LOVE YOURSELF LIKE WE ALL LOVE YOU!!!																																				Please post more on this! Xxx																																				Thank you Gabbie.________																																				I've had reflex which is when you eat something and it comes back up for all my life and it's scared me cause I can get cancer so I've realized that i have to live in the moment so I relate to this																																				This is an amazing story I respect her very much and I'm glad that she feel at least a little better about her weight and this helped me a lot ______																																				thank you for sharing this intimate story with us (: I'm very proud of you and I'm sure this video helped to some people to be aware of their eating habits.																																				I would actually really like to see an in depth video. Just from someone who's still struggling it would be nice to see someone I look up to journey																																				this video actually made me think more about myself when I was aged 6-8 I had bulimia but I didn't know because I wasn't aware of mental illness and so I would throw up my lunch everyday without knowing why I was doing it in the end my school sent me to cahms but they said I was fine so I just went home and continued with my life I had to eat lunch at home everyday throughout primary school until I said I was ready to go back and I was fine. now I'm 13 and things have been kind of rough lately and I have been throwing my food up without even trying really hard and I don't want to do it and I don't want to tell anyone I know because I will be shunned I can't tell teachers because my mother works at my school and I'm already seen as a freak in my year and I don't need rumours spreading around. does anyone have any advice																																				Gabbie I absolutely adore everything about you.																																				no gabbie u are NOT fat u are soooooooo pretty and skinny u look amazing. leave those stupid people who leave stupid comments about u and I have a message to everyone who thinks they are fat don't say the about ur selves everyone us unique and beautiful NO mater what OK so love ur self how u are																																				I just realized..........this describes me.																																				hey gabbie, if someone calls you fat dont be afended. tbe real meaning of f.a.t is Funny, Amazing, Talented so if someone calls you fat say thanks																																				made me rethink a lot __ love you ____																																				I'm diagnosed with EDNOS and have struggled with bingeing	 purging and restricting for year Within the past year I have made so much progress in recovery. I know recovery is scary and seems impossible	 but if you have the will	 you can do it. If you're struggling with eating disorders please get help before it gets any worse. __																																	I love this	 the message resonates with most people and this is what needs to be heard by people who are struggling everyday. ____																																			I love you so so much. Be you. You're amazing.____																																				Just yesterday	 I got diagnosed with anxiety and depression. This is really the video I needed and so many other people need to see if they have a mental disorder. Thank you gabbie. This really	 truly helped me and will hopefully help many others.																																		ur amazing gab ur not fat u never where ur a beautiful person and i dont really if ur content is funny or not the things u say is from ur heart and u out of all people that i kno of have a big heart i only get to see what is on snapchat, Youtube, u kno on the screen butt it does seem like u have a big heart and also dont pay attention to the hate online pay attention to the love. p.s u should go out with zane. u guys are cute																																				"thanks for sharing! I think this is sadly to common around young people, especially girls nowadays. I have also ben binge eating and then for a few years throwing up after. I was so thin at a point that I started losing my hair. I really put my body in survivalmode. But after meeting my fiancee, I learned to enjoy my curves a lot more. I now understand that this constant struggle to eat or not to eat was really hurting me. I am still a bit obsessive around food, but now it is about eating nutritious and healthy food mostly. I don't think you ever get totally free from an eating disorder, but I think that if you try to change your focus and be aware of your thoughts around it, you can get a lot better. and I can say, I do feel a lot better now, as a ""normal weight"" person, than I ever did when I was superthin. and I feel a lot more confident! I hope this can help someone who still struggles with this kind of thing. it can get better!"																																				I fucking love her and u look so sexy and beautiful																																				Holler @freelee 																																				You are gorgeous and whoever has called you fat is a moron																																				Tell me more about that eating disorder	 I'm interested																																			It'd be amazingly helpful to hear more about your journey																																				We love you Gabble we are always here for you ______________ you have an amazing body it's FLAWLESS ____________																																				I loved this video so much! This meant a lot to me	 thank you __																																			gabbie your body IS my goal																																				wish I could talk that fast																																				OMG GABBY!!! YOU ARE BEAUTIFUL JUST THE WAY YOU ARE! YOU GO GIRL!!!!!!!																																				ok	 first of all	 I'm hella proud of you for doing that	 secondly	 I wanna give youÊa hug	 and lastly	 you really opened my eyes	 and I'm going to stop focusing on getting thinner	 but getting healthier	 thank you Gabbie :)																											I can tell this was a really hard topic for you to talk about at first and thank you for making this video. I dont have an eating disorder and no one I know has one but I know that there are still many people out there that think they're not good enough and think they're too fat but theyre actually perfect the way they are. thanks again for making this. I actually had no idea that you had an eating disorder and you have probably saved a lot of lives by making this video. I also love they little bit at the end																																				She very beautiful and has a beautiful body too																																				I wanna know all about your journey!																																				"When someone calls me ""fat"" I assume they said ""phat"" if you don't know what phat means look it up."																																				Love ya Gab. __																																				So proud of you Gabbie__																																				Man as a person on the other end (very skinny) this hit me hard. I feel exactly as you	 I've had so many people call me stick	 no ass	 twig	 etc. It really sucks to be skinny	 I'd love to have your body. Love this video :)																															i needed this. thank you Gabbie x																																				Gabbie	 I would honestly love to have your body	 you're gorgeous. Not just that	 you are you an amazing person	 seriously	 you inspire so many people and you should be fucking proud.																															Hey Gabbie	You are beautiful and everything about is	 you are a genuinely funny person and my biggest role model.ÊI love you and your videos so much. I hope one day I'll get to meet you	 you are my favorite YouTuber and every Wednesday and Saturday the only reason I wake up is for your videos. I love you so much. I might go to playlist live in DC and I hope you are there. Thank you so much for being there your videos always lighten up my days. love you so much. I hope you see and read this. If you do please message me my twitter is @catsantana4. I love you so much and one day I hope you find a guy that loves you as much as I do. Once again you are amazing and love you so much!!!!!!!!ÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊ From	 ÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊ Catalina	 on behalf of all showstoppersÊ Good luck on the Teen Choice Awards!!!!!!! #teamunderdogs																															Omg thank you now I know why my friend has slowly been eating close to nothing :') thank you Gabbie because of this vid she's getting help. (By the way she was thin already but then the past few weeks she has been eating nearly nothing so she was getting deathly skinny) You're perfect just the way you are.																																				To anyone reading this	 regardless of your weight or how your body looks	 you are amazing. Who gives a fuck what anyone else thinks	 the only person that needs to be impressed by or happy with your body is you. If you're not happy with your body	 don't struggle with it alone because you could be doing so much damage to yourself that you don't even see	 physically and mentally. Speak to somebody	 wether it's friends and family	 a therapist who can help you talk through and resolve your body issues	 a personal trainer who can help you with a workout plan that's suitable for you (wether you want to lose weight	 build muscle or you just want to do some cardio for general fitness) or a dietician who can help you to build a healthy meal plan (again	 whether you want to lose weight	 gain weight or if you just want help to form a balanced diet). Nobody has to go through anything alone	 there is always someone who can help.																								hey gabbie i just wanted to say that don't listen to those hate comments you may say you don't but deep inside you do i have been skinny my whole life but i eat alot but i just don't gain weight and when i gain something i am so happy and then people look weird at me and i get alot of comments saying omg your so skinny when i was younger i would cry now i say yeah i know i have became stronger with the years i am only 13 almost 14 just a couple days but i love myself just the way i am the only thing i want is a little bit of fat and sorry for my english i am from belgium but also remember we all love you just for who you are x																																				"""It's not about losing weight, it's about gaining confidence."" - Gabrielle Hannah"																																				Gabbie I can't believe how similar your story is to mine	 I know it's just a coincidence but it makes me feel like I relate to you so much more. Although I will forever hate my body lol but I guess that's just life!																																			________________________________________________________________________																																				"""they had a big bowl of goldfish and I ate a few"" I'm British and goldfish aren't the cracker snacks they are in America they are just the pets I was so confused for a short while"																																				This made me cry. Your Beautiful Gabbie. Don't let anyone tell you that you aren't. I feel you																																				"Gabbie thank you so much. I recently have been struggling with my weight and with eating. while there was still school it was so easy to only eat dinner and even then just a little bit of that. I could tell mom that I'd had breakfast already and then that I'd had a big lunch at school. I'd tell my friends that I'd had a big breakfast at home. when summer started it was harder to hide not eating from people and much easier to give into eating and I hated myself for it. it got to the point where I would ""accidently"" run into a table or stub my toe so that when I wanted to eat I would push on whatever I hurt and it would make me stop thinking about food. I thought that the feeling of hunger felt good. for the past like two weeks I've been giving in a lot more to eating and I just feel awful but I realized yesterday that when I give into eating its for a cookie or some candy or something that's really not good for me. my parents don't know about this and I hope they never will because I have no idea what they would do. Gabbie you are one if my favorite youtuber\viners and I have always been jealous of you because while you may not be a supermodel you can definety own what you have and not be embaressed about it. today because of you I have decided to start eating again. thank you so much___"																																				This video made me cry																																				bring back the purple hearts________________________________________________________________________________________________________																																				GABBIE YOU ARE MY FAVORITE	 YOU ALWAYS INSPIRE ME	 DID I MAKE U SMILE TODAY?______________________________________________________																																		Thank you for this you really opened my eyes!!!!!																																				"Girl what an awesome video! I struggle a lot with body issues too. It's funny because I met you at Vidcon, and the first thing I did was text my friend ""holy shit, the Gabbie show is so fit, idk why people comment that she's fat!!"" Hahha so good for you! It's amazing to see someone who in my eyes looks so good, to be going about it in a healthier way! Good for you! __"																																				you have a beautiful body																																				Im so so proud of you for uploading this Gabbie	and i promise you	you're beautiful just the way you are.Curvy is just as beautiful as being thin (and I'm starting to realise that).And remember #teamunderdogs love you <3																																		Freelee is gonna make a video about this																																				I love you gabbie. Your amazing! And your like a little therapy session for me. I love watching your videos. Stay amazing and keep up being happy :)																																				Wow this is so relatable. I love you____																																				Yes Gabby and we do want a more in depth video about your eating disorder																																				Gabby you are absolutely amazing__ I have dealt with so much stuff since first grade and I'm still dealing with so much crap today while I'm going into eight grade. And you and twenty ¿ne pil¿ts are the two things that have helped me so much through these tough time. You are such an inspiration thank you____																																				Gabbie isn't fat she has a beautiful curvy body																																				Also	 you're too fat to have an eating disorder. Bitch	 bye.																																		I love you gabbie your a curvy beautiful girl and btw who the fuck would dislike this video and this really touched me because me sister and people at school bully me for my weight. Love youuuuu __																																				Listen Gabbie if policy call you fat it's bc they are jealous of you. I've gone through the some tough shit in my life	 but there is one thing I learned the haters gonna hate and let them! Who the fuck cares! Surround yourself with people who care about you. When you do that the haters shirnk because they know your to confident to be taken down. If people call you fat say thank you because the true meaning of F.A.T. is Fantastic	 Awesome	 and Terrific! If you are a true Gabster you will stick bye her. If you see a mean comment tell that person off. and REPORT THE FUCK OUT OF THEM! Who cares about what they think if you are confident in your own skin there is nothing u can't do. ILYSFM NEVER LET THE HATERS GET YOU DOWN!																																	OMFG when you said you eat food and couldn't swallow	 I teared up. For close to 8 years now I have not been able to swallow food comfortably or even swallow my own saliva properly without feeling like about the choke to death.I walk around like with a bottle of water and a pack of gum because they help a bit. I thought that something was wrong with my throat	 turns out I have anxiety and an eating disorder. :'(																																		__________																																				This has literally made me open my eyes. I've always sort of considered myself as the 'overweight' kind of girl but in reality	 Im just as healthy as all these 'skinny' girls but with just a little more fat on me. Thank you Gabbie for making me realise that its not my weight I should be stressing over but making sure I am healthy. Thank you once again																																			Oh my god shut the fuck up. Why do you have a channel? Do that many people actually care about you? Because that's amazing.																																				You're so brave for sharing your story! Such a positive message! Thanks for sharing your struggles with us(:																																				Please do a part 2 to this video. Its a very important topic and i learn so much from you and get so inspired	 i love so much you have no idea______																																			your beautiful gabby. :)																																				_																																				Thank you gabbie.__																																				I love you Gabby																																				______________________________																																				for a second i thought you were talking about my life its just so similar and i remember the first time a girl called me skinny and right now im feeling really weird that you are so open about it like the calorie count and stuff i was doing that too and my close friends were asking me about how i lost all these weight on swimming(as sports i was swimmig like 10 hours a day in my pool like srlsly	barely eating anything) when i told em about the calorie count and stuff they were telling me that am i insane but overall when i lost like 2 kg by doing the calorie count i realised that i was just harming my body and was really dying emotionally and feeling ugly.2 kg was a headstarter for me after that i started eating normal food it was really hard because i knew the calories of every foods portions like no joke here it was really sad but now i lost 13 to 14 kg which google translates to 30 pounds or so by doing a healthy diet and and doing my sport if you read this till the end congrats it may mean you are going throught smtng like that but please believe me dont throw it away thinking these are coming throught a total stranger from the internet IT DOESNT WORTH IT if you wanna change something about yourself do it	do it in a way that is healthy not fast pretty doesnt always need to hurt small portions and just a walk in the evenings would help you to manage your weight im sorry this is too long :)																																		a compliment to someone I know. there is someone who needs a lot of support right now. Adam(SkyDoesMinecraft) you are the most amazing person I can think of. you've madeillions of people smile. you are a hero. __a compliment																																				aww :) proud of you gabbie __ you're beautiful .																																				geez gab this video really touched me about my confidence I try really hard not to compare myself to anyone......I have even lived my life through somebody else because I thought that I wasn't good enough to do anything.....rally don't stop putting these type of videos out.																																				please give an in depth video +The Gabbie Show																																				"""It's not about losing weight, it's about gaining confidence."" That hit me hard....HARD other wise, great story very inspirational and amazing!! And gabbie you look great!!!"																																				People only call you fat because you call yourself fat. You are soo sexy but you dont realize it																																				i feel like i have an eating disorder becuz i have the symptoms gabbie said.....______																																				Glad you actually saw a professional and didn't self diagnose																																				You guys are beautiful even if I don't know you	 :)__																																			This video____																																				Just started watching the video but based on the title I fucking love you in any way shape or form. What really matters is that you make me die laughing																																				Gabbie, we love you and you, you're perfect in our eyes and nothing else should matter. Hate is stupid. Also I'm not good at speeches I'm sorry. This video has 69 dislikes.. I'm sorry for them but it's a great number.																																				I'm dealing with an eating disorder and i can totally relate..thank you for posting this video. It kind of helped..																																				You're such a strong person	 I really am proud of you Gab <3																																			Plz don't ever call your self fat ur so pretty and awesome Ilysm																																				Same girl	 same																																			YOU ARE NOT FAT. PERIOD.																																				that is so inspirational	 im 12 and im beginning to become anorexic because Im always called fat and i stopped eating as much but I am changing and becoming helthier.																																			Gabbie you are beautiful and perfect the way you are. Don't let ANYONE tell you how you should look this way or that way. So many people would kill for your hour glass figure! We love you and care about you... Stay happy Gabbie!__																																				I love this video. I have never related to something more and I'm so glad you had the courage to post this.																																				Great for you to come out and tell us about what has been going on. Proud of you keep up the good work.																																				"Gabbie this hit me so so so hard. As I used to struggle with overeating I would compare myself to everyone around me, I would tell myself I was fat almost everyday I hated my body, I never thought to myself ""wow I could be somebody's goals. Now as I am 15 years old I dont struggle with overeating anymore I have so much more confidence I'm learning to love my body and myself. Thank you Gabbie for everything. <3"																																				Hey Gab	 throughout my life I've been called a 'stick'. Elders tell me to eat something otherwise I'll 'fly away with the wind' when truth is my metabolism is fast (strong? Whatever). All my life I had wanted to gain a few pounds so people would stop saying that. then came my finals where the only time I was walking was to go to the study room and to have lunch. i gained about 4 lbs in 2 months and then suddenly people were like Oh my God you've become FAT! Your face is round and you have a double chin what happened? I think that changed everything. Now I was insecure about something that I've wanted for years. I lost that weight quickly because of my metabolism but the whole experience really put everything into perspective... I have a body that some people might consider to be their goals. And I'm so happy with what I have. I hope you are too	 whoever's reading this. Let us all be happy with what we have rather than being sad about what we don't!! _																																		I love you Gabbie you amazing and I no matter what you look like you will always be beautiful																																				This struck me so severely. I can relate to so much of what you said	 except the social media commentors. Thank you	 sincerely.																																		Thank you. I really needed this. This really impacted me. Thank you gabs I know you dont know me	 but i really feel this was for me to see. Thank you so much for posting this. And im going to change how i look at food. Thank you																																			________																																				You sounded like Freelee at 7:05 (not a bad thing)																																				I'm skinny and its honestly a nightmare to me. I wish I was bigger and I've tried so hard but I just can't. I cry about it all the time and people have no idea. People always assume that being skinny is easy when its really not. I have people making fun of me all the time	 calling me names	 and hating me for how much I weigh. I'm 14 and only weigh 90lbs. People say I'm a twig or I'm all bones. They always ask if I'm anorexic but I'm not. In my old gum class everyone called me skeleton. I wish I was bigger but I'm not. I have a lot of issues and I hate my body. I'm just so shy that everyone thinks I'm OK when really I'm judging myself all the time. I force myself to over eat to the point where I feel like I'm going to vomit. I always used to think about my life ending. I'm better now then before but I still hate myself and my body. I have no friends but I'm lucky enough to have a boyfriend who loves me. Most of my family hates me but at leat I have a wonderful mom	 step dad	 and little brother. if anyone would like to be my friend feel free to add me on Snapchat baby_skye22																																Love u	 Gab ______																																			hell yeah	 I love when people finally realise things like that! <3																																			Gabbie thank you. Thank you for giving me another perspective. I have for a long time(and still do) compare	 compare	 compare. I dont have any eating disorders I just am a girl growing up in today's world and todays society.I am not sick or anything so dont worry. I am getting better about being comfortable in my own skin but I just wanted to thank you for being open to talk and just let you know your words are taken in deeply by one of your subscribers (me)																																		I'm so proud of you	 gab __																																			Gabbie	 this video brought me to tears. I would love to have a body type shape like you	 my shape is round lol. I am not at my heaviest anymore but I am still up there (550lbs)	 I have lost 50 lbs by cutting out soda and a lot of sweets. I know I am probably going to get a lot of hate on my comment	 but I am trying. What is hardest for me	 is on top of my anxiety	 depression	 I have a thyroid disorder	 PCOS	 and a binge eating disorder. I eat my feelings	 and I know a lot of people are going to tell me that I diagnosed myself or something	 and I didn't. What is hard for me is walking	 because of my weight	 I can't talk for long or stand	 as it hurts my knees and hips and back	 as well as I get out of breath	 but ironically Pokemon Go is helping me lol. My anxiety also stops me from walking around my neighborhood	 or going to a gym	 because I know what people will say	 I will be a joke	 laughed at	 and that scares me	 so I walk laps in my house	 its not much but its something. Thank you for this	 I love you Gabbie	 thank you for being the amazing person you are. I never though of that my before would be someones after	 while my weight is high I can still walk and many cannot	 so I will try harder.									I want your body Gabbie.. I want your body all over mine!! __																																				I am proud of you Gabby! I have seen your confidence blossom even just this year. I met you at VidCon and you were even prettier in person. You are a beautiful girl and don't let anyone tell you differently. It really makes me think about my poor eating habits and makes me want to change mine because I know if you can do it then I can too. Thank you for always being an inspiration and a beautiful soul. <3																																				Thanks for sharing Gab	 love you!__																																			Your beautiful gabby and u inspired me today I feel so much better about myself																																				Is it just me who really needed this rn																																				purple hearts for Gabbie ____________________________________________________________																																				today was the first day I went to the beach in over 3 years because of how I feel about my body and I'm fucking proud																																				Bye																																				I love how strong you've been and you are____You are perfect the way you are and it makes me so happy to know that you know it and that you've achieved your goals____LOVE YOU GABBIE____																																				I love you!!!!!																																				woooooooooooooooooow wooooooooooooooooooooooow tbh this the best thing i watched all day very inspiring and eye opening ,, i love i_t <3 ps: u r fuckinnnnnnnnnnnng beautiful																																				______																																				Look at the like/ dislike ratio É																																				I was eating a cookie while looking at this ______																																				Your honestly is so refreshing. I love watching your videos 1. You are so relatable 2. You're not afraid to talk about hard subjects 3. You actually care. Xx																																				hey gabbie you so fine you so fine you blow my mind gabbie																																				Thanks. This video gave me a lot of confidence. About 2 years ago	 I had to have ankle surgery	 and I couldn't even walk on both my legs for 9 months. Which caused me to gain about 8 lbs. You were right when you said comparison is evil. I have an identical twin sister	 and I missed 2 sports	 but my sister didn't	 which made her weigh about 8 lbs lighter than me. Most people don't really notice	 unless I'm standing right next to my sister and they are trying to compare us. But	 whenever somebody asks if we are twins	 they always think I'm older	 because I look slightly bigger than my sister	 which you can only tell if we are right next to each other and you are trying to find a difference. I weigh 150 lbs which is average for my age	 but I can't help feeling insecure about it because being a twin	 people compare every last detail about you 24/7.																								here for you gab																																				My name is McKenna and I'm a vlogger on my channel...and this touched my heart. I am 14 turning 15 and I have gone through a rough time in my 8th-9th grade year think I was not good enough and these popular girl were better and skinnier than me. These past few months I have put my self down	 but you making this video makes me so happy	 because you basically told me to be okay with yourself and if u want to lose weight do it the right way and be you. Thank you so much Gabbie	 I will watch this video all the time because you inspire me______																																	Gabbie you are an incredibly beautiful	 kindhearted	 honest	 positive	 Courageous young woman. This video has touched the hearts of many	 and I know your message has been heard. This will help many people who struggle with how they feel about themselves. Don't ever let rude comments get to you	 cause we all love you!																														This is truly inspirational	 I applaud Gabbie for uploading this.																																			I been suffering with the same and I go in the depressing a lot about it but I know I need to be more active and eat normaly																																				I've had an experienced like this with eating disorders	 still recovering but I'm getting better :)																																			This helped me so much Gabbie. Really. __																																				Yeah swimming takes a lot of weight off you when I first joined the swim team I lost so much weight and I was already skinny people thought I needed to go to the doctor I've been swim for 3 years ps I'm 12 and shirts I got when I was like on 3 or 4 grade are big on me lol																																				"I know for a fact that i'm too skinny and I do eat a lot not to gain weight but just because I like food and literally all my life I have always been skinny and every day at some point I put myself down about not looking the way I want to look, I eat so much that its a shock on how much I weigh and I've always struggled with feeling pretty, I look in the mirror and no I don't think i'm pretty I think i'm kinda ugly and just way too skinny and I just don't have much of a self esteem anymore, of course I wasn't like this when I was a little younger because I'm not old at all and I didn't really think that what people said was true, but as friends and even family started ""joking"" around about I kinda noticed that they're right I am too skinny....."																																				________																																				Thank you for uploading this Gabbie __																																				I find this very brave and inspirational	 I've been on a diet for a month and I've been struggling but i think this has helped get me back on track																																			Gabby I have always thought I was fat bc people said I was so I cried every day bc of it but now you put it that way I think I am beautiful little girl. Thank you soooo much Ps.i was sitting here watching your vid eating CANDY!!!!!!!																																				I'm so proud of you for posting this	 Gabbie. It's not easy talking about a topic like this but I can assure you that this will definitely help many people out there	 including me. I love you. __																																		Gabbie you need a big hug____________																																				STOP SCROLLING Your body is beautiful_ Have a great day! KEEP SCROLLING																																				I've been admitted in a mental hospital twice now for Major Depressive Disorder and anorexia. The most I've ever weighed was 118 pounds as a freshman in high school. The first sign of my depression was that I lost my appetite. I didn't eat for days at a time and when i did eat it would only be about 300 calories. Last year I worked at a water park out in the dry heat of Texas and	 though I had began eating more before that	 after about a month into my job I had my heart broken and I fell back into the cycle. I ended up passing out in front of all of our guests with what they thought was a seizure but was really just my body going into an anxiety attack between falling out of and regaining consciousness so many times. I woke up in the ambulance with a blood sugar of about 57 (I believe 70 is the healthy mark?) and weighing 93 pounds. That was a year ago. Today I'm still in recovery but I eat an average of about 1000 calories and weigh 102 pounds! I'm getting there :)																																		Gabbie you're beautiful! I love you!																																				awwwh is it weird that I laughed at your don't judge me laughs like Ha.. I think doing unscripted vids are hard hahaha I mess up a lot and then I just end up swearing.lawlz you're cute and you're finding a way to deal with what a going on. Hella proud																																				i really needed this video																																				i used to be extremely skinny but my family bullied me into eating so i could gain weight..... now i have a BED and i eat 24/7. i have never lost my appetite no matter what	 i eat when im bored	 when im happy	 when im sad	 when im full	 when im hungry when there's food placed in front of me and just for the sake of it. tbh its really hard to stop myself from eating...																															Gabbie	 I struggled with an eating disorder for years. However	 once I went vegan and started eating 2000+ cals of whole plant foods	 I lost weight and gained endless happiness and peace of mind. It was the best decision I've ever made! Love you!																																	I LOVE YOU SO MUCH GABBIE! YOU'RE PERFECT!																																				I feel for you so much because you don't deserve all of this hate that you get :( ly lots <3																																				What types of eating disorders are there? Sorry I am just curious.																																				gabbie is literally one of most beautiful girls I've seen fr and she a very beautiful body																																				__																																				thank you so much gabbie! hearing the experiences and triumphs of others is so uplifting... i'm so happy that you are in a better place and feel more comfortable in your skin :)																																				she's still babe so____																																				I'm also going through something similar to this I look up to you so much Gabby you like you and me are basically the same person you're just older than I am and I thank you so much for this and I'm sorry that you have to go through this. It's hard.																																				Gabbie you are beautiful the way you are! love you !____ and your amazing and talented																																				please answer back I am 11and I am so worried about what I look like all the time I am about to be in middle school and It Is really hard when u see girls all skinny and ur just standing there wanting to be some one your not I realized that I should love my self for who I am and what I look like I am so thankful for amazing people like I ily so much and I appreciate all that u do for your fan's and me																																				I always considered myself Big boned	 not fat. My grandmother made that worst I couldn't win when it came to her either I ate too much and was gonna get fat or I was eating to little and was starving myself (Which I wasn't) I was eating perfectly fine. I am right now 140lbs and I'm so happy with where I am now! but Everyone always tells me I'm so tiny but I don't think that I think I'm thick.....so I understand where you're coming from Gabbie when that Lady called you a skinny mini																																			love you gabby!! ____																																				I used to have that when I was 10 and I got thinner but then I started to just stay home and I started to eat more and trying my best without spitting it out.																																				Gabbie	 please believe me when I say you are beautiful and perfect just as you are. I've dealt with anorexia and bulimia for years and I've learned destroying myself isn't worth it. Don't let the monsters in your head tell you you need to be skinny or lose weight.																																			you have an amazing body	 like seriously	 it's curvy and beautiful																																		don't worry Gabbie, haven't you heard? 9 out of 10 men prefer curvey women. the other 1 prefers men.																																				I love your body! Everyone likes a big booty!																																				This was beautiful __																																				I love my body																																				Ilysssssmm gabbie!!! I can't say I understand what you or other ppl are going through	 I have an amazing family which loves me! I'm very thankful! But you're definitely my favourite YouTuber! Soo inspiring!! Love you______																																			"Gabbie, thank you so much for sharing your story. Honestly this opened my eyes so much bc sadly I found myself thinking ""same"" the whole time. I'm up to the point where I can't even swallow my own spit since it feels like a process of eating .. Because of you, I have now realized how downhill my life is going. But the sad thing is I have no idea how to get out of this cycle .."																																				I would love a video about the details!!																																				but on a serious not...I FUCKING LOVE YOU LIKE	 SO MUCH																																			Youre not fat i am the only thing that youre big in is youre hips and that really popular these days																																				Gabbie	 I can't tell you how you should feel - that's up to you to decide. Personally	 I think you're beautiful	 talented	 funny	 intelligent	 and have an amazing figure. If I could choose how to die	 it'd be through suffocation from you sitting on my face so I could die smelling the sweet fragrance of your rectum. Because you're beautiful inside and out! <3																													____________________________________________																																				ah most hot chicks don't feel like they're good enough. you're beautiful and prefect Gabbie. try not to be so hard on urself. you can have any guy u want	 and they would be lucky to be with you.																																			i love you gabbie																																				I can totally relate to this. Your on the right path Gabbie. Good luck!																																				I love you Gabbie and you are my inspiration and you are the reason I finally realized that I have a eating disorder and I have awful depression. You are the only reason that I haven't killed myself and I need to thank you I love you sooo much and thank you for making my day with your videos__																																				I love these more serious videos you have been making lately. You are so inspiring and you have given me a whole new point of view on a lot of things. I love you Gabbie!																																				Fr though your body is completely fine __																																				__																																				dear gabbie	 elephants are my favorite animal. they might have some imperfections	 but they see those as uniqueness. they are confident about them	 yet humble. they understand feelings. they are inspiring in many more ways that I could say	 but unfortunately	 there is a limit to how much I can type. Chances are you aren't even reading this	 but I want to tell you something	 something very important. you are my elephant. you inspire me to be the best me I can be and to ignore anyone else you tells me different. thank you gabbie	 thank you a million times.																												Hey Gabz i have an eating disorder and this video helped me quite a lot !!! I love you <3 <3 <3																																				__																																				fastest like i think I've ever hit tbh																																				"Its amazing how you can hear ""you're fat"" and ""you're ugly"" a million times a day for years, and it gets to the point where that's 99% of your thoughts. And then one day, some truly great person (in heart, not in body necessarily, but in my case they were both) gives you a compliment or relates to you, or just does or says something and your eyes just magically open and your life is so changed. Thank you Gabbie, for being that truly great person."																																				"""Hello everyone my name is gabby,and...I'm an addict...."""																																				Thanks for making this Gabbie. It means the world to some viewers to see someone talk about it. I struggled w eating full meals as well. You motivated me to want to start fixing that. Idk if you remember but at Vidcon I was carrying a pizza and you said it looked good	 we'll share one next Vidcon!																																			When you jost say the first Thing... That was Wat happent to me__ and my Brian is always on work and sometime it Can be just too much... But i have to say this video helped me to see that I am NOT the only one in This World. Thank you Gabbie____																																				YEAH I WOULD LUKE ANOTHER VIDEO ABOUT YOUR JOURNEY PLLLEASE																																				Aw Gabbie your body is perfect	 and people who dislike are just jealous__ I love you so much____																																			YEAH I WOULD LUKE ANOTHER VIDEO ABOUT YOUR JOURNEY PLLLEASE																																				"This video helped me a lot. I've always been comparing myself with my friends. I'm not poor, but I'm not rich. Two of my friends both have the richest families in my town and I've been comparing myself to them. I've been thinking ""My house is pretty squeezed, it's old, it's doesn't have a lot of yard, and the floors are squeaky. Their houses are new, they have a lot of yard, they have beautiful plants, and one them has a pool."" That has always brought me down and this video helped me realize that I should be thankful for everything I have as I used to rent houses until we finally could buy one. Thank you, Gabbie!"																																				"I'm going through the same thing. I'm only 13, but I've been going through this since I was 9, I'm a girl btw. but not only am I super fat, but I'm also ugly. I hate myself when I eat, when I eat I feel disgusting and ashamed. every girl at my school is a twig. I'm a pumpkin. I'm 5""1 and I weigh 133 pounds. I want to weigh 90 pounds. I'm trying to diet and trying to work out. it's not working. I'm not comfortable in any other shirts than these two specific t shirts. I'm healthy, (what my mom tells me) but I'm WAY fatter than any other girl at my school. so boys hate me :(. no boys so much as look at me. I cry at least 10 times a day. I cry myself to sleep ever day. I tried therapy. it only made it worse. I want to kill myself, but it would hurt my mom too much. This one guy that I have loved for two years just stopped talking to me :( my life is a mess."																																				This. is. EVERYTHING GABBIE. I'm so sorry you went through struggles	 and everything you said at the end of that video was everything I've ever wanted to preach to people but never had the audience to. I remember first catching you on a video with Shane	 and you were eating	 and you were complaining about how 'fat' you were and how much weight you'd put on - and if it's any constilation - from then and to now you have lost so much weight! I never thought you looked bad in that video with Shane	 I think you have amazing curves and you're so BEAUTIFUL but from then and now	 you look healthier and glowing and happier. I hope you don't take this comment the wrong way	 you are everything and I love your videos & aspire one day to be kicking back on that couch eating some american food with you. Keep being you	 keep keeping your head up and keep putting out these amazing messages you have been lately. LOVE U ALWAYS. x																													YOU ARE A WONDERFUL HUMAN BEING. This video helped me a lot. I'm told a that I'm not skinny enough or that I'm to fat. I'm always compared to other people who are skinnier than me which made me do it on my own. So now I can't go out in public without worrying about the way I walk and the way I look. But your video helped me a lot and I mean A LOT. I feel like I can be more confident about myself. So thank you so much. ____________________________																																				This video meant a lot	 thank you for being so open about this	 helped a lot__																																		I truly fucking love this bitch. I love you. I have stuck with you. And I will always stick with you. #GabbieBeStrong																																				I struggled with bulimia starting when I was 12 and no one knew because I wasn't skinny. This video means a lot to me as I'm still struggling with my body image and I'm constantly trying to lose weight while not falling back into those bad habits that come with an eating disorder.																																				ummm I think I need to see a therapist... I look in the mirror and I see myself as fat even though people say I'm not and shopping is a struggle and I do cry about it all the time																																				"You are so inspirational and kind, ur so beautiful and never ""fat"", that is a fact. If u were 50 pounds lighter or heavier would not matter to me because you are so amazing __"																																				You're perfect																																				Being fat isn't bad F:Fantastic__ A:Always on Point__ T:Thoughtful _																																				yesss!!! please make a more detailed video pleaseee!!!																																				me eating a bigmac Don't get offended btw ik this is serious																																				"Thank you. Although I have never been called fat; I'm beyond scared to be. People don't see me because I hide behind my clothes and excuses, but that doesn't mean I'm happy with myself at all. I have struggled with body dysmorphia for as long as it became apparent to me that I had a little extra chunk, and don't fit the (unrealistic) social standards of a ""beautiful"" person. This has plagued me daily in my eating habits, exercise regiments, and social life. Never have I stepped out in less than a cardigan, and mid length shorts; and people shame me for not wearing less; in turn I became more uncomfortable and gain more anxiety. I have a long way to go to try to turn myself around, but I'm going to thank you for shining a different light on a touchy subject. Right now, we all are someone else's ""goal"" photo."																																				gabbie is such a good person	 I hope the best for her																																			I love you Gabbie. Stay strong. ____																																				You go girl	 I remember watching a video you did about looking naturally beautiful with makeup. You looked so different without all of the makeup that i thought: wow	 I know nothing about you except for what you choose to share with us. Now feel like we've connected on a more personal level. Thank you for sharing your story	 this may not be a problem that I have but it is definitely inspiring :)																																	"""Your before photo might be someone's goal photo"" just that sentence is so powerful... Thank you"																																				i have been trying to look like you for a long time	 you are a beautiful person. to love others you have to love yourself first. <3																																			This really hit me home. I've had an issue with my body and food my entire life thank you so much for sharing this																																				Love you gabbie ________																																				When ever I eat (even if it's a salad) I feel ashamed and sad and I feel like I'm getting fatter (I am big but not huge) I still eat but when someone buys me something like a take out or fatty food I shout asking why they gave me that food and I feel like crying I DONT KNOW WHY but the thing is is that I can't stop eating even if I want to																																				this really is some of the best advice and I struggle with everything you've said here Gabbie. it's amazing to hear that I'm not the only one and to know that I have someone to always think of when I'm feeling down about it. :) __																																				ur not skinny ur not fat ur not even chubby ur just...............inbetween																																				u're my goal body ____																																				"I've had body problems since I was 7/8. I am about 5'2"" and 120 lbs as a 13 year old. This is the largest I've been, and I can't help but feel terrible about it. It's really hard to feel good about yourself when you are surrounded with people who are 95 lbs..."																																				__________________																																				I love you Gabs. You always know what to say.																																				Thank you so much. I can't tell u how much this helped me. Thank you soososososososososo much																																				Good job Gabbie	 I am proud of ya																																			Dear Gabbie, I think you're the most beautiful woman I've seen and I don't know your struggle and your demons And I think you're perfect the way you are and I hope others and you think so to.																																				Gabbie you're literally my life goals																																				I fucking love you Gab. You're gorgeous	 and I relate so much to this video. I don't think I've ever cried when I heard someone else's story with their eating disorder before	 but girl. You basically read my diary. I love you so much	 and continue to stick with your trainer... you look great	 and I'm glad you're finally at the point to where you feel able to openly talk about it now. Stay strong babe_																																Please make a more in dept video about your eating disorder... I would find it really interesting since I can relate to you so much on that level. You're beautiful	 keep up what you're doing __																																			I spend nearly every moment of my life hating how I look. The lack of six pack	 the long nose	 the bra size etc. And while I won't pretend you've enlightened me	 everything you said in this video were things I've already heard	 I will say that hearing your experience made me feel less alone	 and made trying to love how I look appear as something more achievable. So thank you.																															your beautiful! its great that you can open up to us like this! <3																																				Gabbie you be you! we are he to support you!__																																				Oh gaby I love you so much I can relate so much n you just opened my eyes so wide I feel as if anything is possible ______																																				This video hit home for me in so many ways and I found myself in tears through half of it. I find your story inspiring	 I am trying also to beat an eating disorder that is quite the opposite. I eat a lot of sweets and junk through the day when I'm stressed about my weight which is the total wrong thing to do when I'm trying to be healthier. But I consider food a friend that never let's me down. Then when I notice that I'm starting to get bigger in my face I start to exercise until I'm dizzy and exhausted. Basically I stay the same size and never loss or gain weight which can be frustrating but through therapy I found an almost healthy balance. So thank you for encouraging me to share a little bit about my story I truly love you as a person your so amazing__																																			__																																				Yeah	 you're open to talk about it now because you are clearly running out of content. Look	 you're hot and very bangable	 but don't try to make up problems to relate to people so you can get sympathy views. You're better than that																																	the haters are so stupid youre so pretty and you talk about funny things AND serious topics too! <3<3<3<3 #gabbie4queen																																				You're a hero. This video is amazing. Think about how many people you help__ You are so beautiful Gabbie! Thank you	Thank you	Thank you!! I've started to recognize this on myself	but I will fight it and you helped me______ I've been sad for a year now	and you always make me happy since you are so strong!__																																This actually made me cry (IDK why!)__																																				I currently suffer with binge eating. My dad is extremely mentally abusive and controlling and is the root of my anxiety. My anxiety then causes me to binge eat. In the beginning of the year I stopped for about 2 months. I ate well and jogged every other day. I felt so good. But my anxiety recently has deepened because things at home have gotten extreme and im back go binge eating. I stopped going out. I stopped talking to friends. I feel trapped.																																				dammit I love you but you made me cry gab																																				your so gorgeous gabb and your a huge inspiration to a huge amount of young girls out there and we love and support you always! love you lots <3																																				Sounds like bulimia	 very sad																																			This made me cry and worry about my girlfriend who also has an eating disorder. The one where she could hardly swallow. I've been encouraging her for so long and I just want her to be happy about herself...																																				Gabbie	 please tell more in detail if you can in another video__ ILYSFM																																			gabby __ lol u so shiny																																				This helped me so																																				I had the same problems for the last years and I'm again having a really hard time these last days. Thank you so much for this video <3 it's great to get reminded that EVERYONE is beautiful just how they are. I don't need to change	 I just need to accept myself <3																																			Thank you so much! This really helped I'm struggling right now																																				I really needed that thank you	 you are a huge inspiration ____																																			Love you Gabs________																																				Honestly If she was close to the same age as me I would do anything in the world for her to my gf I would make everything possible so that she can be the happiest girl Ever :( But I'm hideous so She wouldnt even see me as a person for her so :(																																				If you don't mind. I would like a more in depth journey of your struggle. I think your really inspirational and would love to learn more life lessons from you. I hope to see it. Baiiii~																																				Gabbie you are perfect in EVERY way. i wish i could be like you. i love you so much	 and I want to be like you																																			Holy shit this actually saved me.																																				You're so brave for telling this story. You're such an inspiration. You're perfect just the way you are. Thank you for sharing this story.______																																				Don't let the negative comments discourage you.																																				"Hey gabbie I have said this before in a message on vine and Instagram but I don't think you've ever seen it. But you actually were a huge role model in my recovery. I had an eating disorder since I was 8 years old. I was told my a trusted adult that I was fat. At 8. I never saw myself that way, but then I did. And even at 70, 80, 90 lbs I wasn't fat until I thought I was. It wasn't until I stopped eating and started binging that I began gaining weight. It wasn't until I stopped working out and running because I was scared that my fat was jiggling that I got chunky. Looking back at old photos I wish I didn't take what that lady said to heart. But here I was, eating 0-500 calories a day, binging on anything I could grab, and crying while stuffing my face because I was fat and ""nobody would ever love me"". It didn't help that I never had a boyfriend, and that I was a vegetarian and ""vegetarians are supposed to be thin"". I had these images of what I was supposed to look like in my mind."																																				You are beautiful.																																				"I don't normally watch your videos, but I was just like. ""I have nothing to do, might as well watch gabbie"" then half way in I was in tears be I can relate to her so much. I feel like I'm fat. I never realized...that the reason I thought I was fat, was because I compared myself to everyone else. thanks gabbie, you made my day, and probably my whole life. thank you so, much. I have a problem where my stomach hurts and I don't feel like eating. I'll force myself to never eat because I feel like I'm fat. yesterday I actually only ate a yogurt and 2 slices of pizza. that was it...this is the video that I needed, to let me know my lifestyle that I'm forcing myself to have because I think I'm fat, isn't healthy. I walk around and notice how perfect everyone else is, then there's me. I look down on myself and I feel like I'm ugly and chubby and not worth anything. but now I know, that's not true. __ so thank you so much."																																				I'm 13 and Ive lost 50 pounds in the past year. People keep telling me that I don't need to lose anymore and that I look great now but I still think I'm too big. Gabby perfectly described my everyday life when she was talking about having every thought focused on food. This video rlly showed me that I need to stop worrying about being skinny and how many calories I eat and start loving myself and being happy																																				what's the song ____ ?!																																				______________________																																				Love you and your still so perfect!!!! No matter what__																																				I appreciate this video so much	 Gabbie. Sending love. __																																			i never thought you were fat. i think youre very pretty. i never thought you were fat either. never will think that.																																				love you Gabbie__ I hope you're doing good now ____																																				"its weird, when i was in high school and i was already skinny, i didnt eat more than like once a day. and then as i got older and i became an average weight instead of underweight i started overeating and then i gained 20 pounds (still at bmi of 23 so not overweight) but it was just weird. I almost went back to eating less cause ""thats how i was skinny before"" but now i am just trying to fix my eating habits, eat healthier, and actually exercise. and i think its working, i have lost 4 pounds so i only have like 6 to go to be where i want :)"																																				This video really hit me and I want you to know that I love you and stay strong																																				wow gab	 you are truly my hero.																																			Gabbie thank you so much for making this for years I have not felt good in my own skin and I felt that I was fat and this helped me to stop comparing myself to my friends and that I'm happy the way I am and I don't need to change to be happy thanks gabbie __																																				Gabs you fn beautiful and if I were straight id totally tap dat lol you sexy mama you																																				Did anyone Shed a tear at this because gabbie kinda just explained your life__																																				this is kinda like me because i have skinny friends who could eat only bad foods but not gain weight and i compared myself to them and the other girls in my school and its hard not to. im 14 and already just a little under 160 and i feel bad about myself and i think this video will help me. i look at averages and think oh u have to be 115 at max. but i realize people all are different sizes and this is just a google chart. gabbie u have helped me with this video. u show me that even if i think im fat others think that im skinny. thank u gabbie thank u so much.______																																				i feel you 100%. I made a self harm story about my cutting and self harm check it out gabbie																																				"To the person reading this; Yh u, the really good looking one, an we play Simon says? Simon says smile, Simon says don't stop smiling now, it suits u :)))"																																				With every video I love her even more Jesus I feel compelled to hug her																																				"im really skinny, people tell me to eat and eat but when i do i gain nothing, Im just as skinny as before. Im healthy and tall so my height is good for my weight and i dont mind. But its people saying ""Eat a burger"" or ""You are sooo skinny"" that gets to me but i cant help it"																																				i love you gabbie																																				________																																				you are absolutely amazing. i've struggled with bulimia for years now and it's people like you who inspire me that happiness and recovery is possible.																																				________________																																				Gabbie	 after this video	 I realized that I have a eating disorder... Every time I look at the mirror i see a fat person 	 even tho	 literally everybody says that I'm skinny. Can you please help me? Thank you xoxo																																I don't wanna get into depth about this but my family situation isn't ideal...and I have anxiety. I cry a lot from what just seems like so reason. I don't really have friends they're all fake friends that don't really have my back. they talk shit about me on a group chat that one of them told me about (but she's the one that made the chat) I have no clue what they say and thinking about it gives me a panic attack. not knowing what they say about me is scary. they are the popular girls																																				Gabbie we all love you and always will stay strong you're beautiful!																																				I would love to hear an in depth story of your journey!! Thank you for being so open	 this vid really inspired me :)																																			and your very pretty and beatiful and cute funny and a special personality and I love your videos they are so funny and always make my day																																				"Gabbie I know your gonna be like ""I've herd this before."" But this actually helped me. I've cried every night. I've attempted to cut of my skin. I've wanted to end it all. I've wanted to cut open my stomach. I have looked at my self and said I'm fat. I've not eaten for times. I've not wanted to go outside. I still do. I can't even look at shorts with out thinking 'I'm too fat for those' I've been bullied for my weight. But Gabbie. Don't listen to them. They don't know. Your amazing no matter what. If you're reading this Gabbie know your loved. Your amazing your my goal. I want to be your size"																																				That song at the end________																																				you are awesome Gabbie and a inspiration to many others don't think about the negativity just think on the positive supporters by your side. _																																				Your body is so fucking amazing wtf																																				this is so much help to me honestly	 i've been struggling with an eating disorder for the past almost two years and it's been really hard for me and i'm trying to put myself through recovery. but i completely understand the fact of thoughts about food and weight consuming you because it's still happening and i don't always know how to stop it. idk this was just very helpful and im going to try to listen to this as often as i can to show myself that things are going to be okay and if one of my idols can do it then i can too. i love you so much gabbie and im proud of you and all of your accomplishments as you go through this journey and i just want to remind you that we are all here and we all love and support you!!																																			I gave up soda 2 months ago .. I feel so much more energy without it .. I have been trying to eat better but it's so hard when your on a budget but I'm trying .. I just want to feel better and if weight comes off that's cool if not its whatever at least I feel better and have more energy to get out and go for a walk and do stuff instead of being a slug but it's hard with life and the hours I work but I'm happy to be trying and as long as I'm trying then that's all that matters to me																																				You are wonderful. Sending love and light! __																																				____________																																				My body is sooo sexy like forreals I'm so hot. I have biceps	 pecks	 and even a six pack. Fat people are gross... Like honestly any girl over 130 lbs should die instantly. Please fat people	 either workout or die!!!																																	oh	 gabbie. we love you and I happen to love your body. you are so beautiful and thank you for this. I'm sure many people needed this.																																			Make a video about your journey with an ED please!																																				Im 13 and no matter how much I eat I dont gain weight and where I m from ppl care weather u r fat or skinny and now its just getting on my nerve.																																				wow Gabbie I had no idea that you were going through all this because when I look at you you look so confident in you body and because of you I am now confident in my body and it has saved me a lot of anxiety and tears so thank you for being you																																				Thank you for overcoming your nerves and uploading this video. I'm sure a lot of people will be inspired by it	 because although I don't struggle with body image as much as others I know	 you still helped me to remember things that I've forgotten	 like not comparing myself to others or not assuming that someone achieved their appearance naturally. Thank you.																																	fuck Gabbie. this video made me cry																																				You're so brave for sharing your story Gab __ I have never related to something so much because I too suffer with an eating disorder	 thank you for making this more aware. ____																																			girl you have a bomb ass body ...__ you have a flat stomach	 a big ass	 and you're hell's pretty																																		Gabbie, this video helped me. I am a fussy eater and I have been for about 9 years, I worry about stuff just like you, this video made me realise that it doesn't matter that I'm skinny most people would love to be as skinny as I am. But I still need to eat properly Thanks Gabbie this video helped me xx (plz reply if you see this, plz) x																																				Me																																				55 people have no idea how hard is it to live in society with a eatting disorder. I have a eatting disorder and it's a serious thing ... __																																				Love and appreciate you gabbie!! __________________________________																																				u had eating disorder but u are still that fucking hot																																				I love you	 Gabbs. I think I have an eating disorder.																																			Thank you for this. This is MY aha! You've opened my eyes. Subbed forever. Purple hearts for you. Thank you so much________________________________________________________________________																																				Please bring back the Purple Hearts for Gabbie! ______________________________																																				what is it called when you have anorexic tendencies most of the time but you also have occasional binges? (and I mean 2-3000 calories in one sitting..)																																				Sounds a lot like EDNOS 	 sending lots of love <3																																			Thank you Gabbie __ Ily																																				"Don't think you fat...have you every seen ""my 600 pound life""??? Cuz henny that's fat"																																				Your body is fire! Perfect 10.__																																				dear gabbie, you are a brave soul I idolize you. From Stephanie PS HAVE MY BABIEZZ																																				fyi the song in the end hit me hard ____																																				I have eating disorder	 i think these videos are really helpfull to me	 I can see that lots of people have it	 people I wouldn't even think of would and it just shows anyone can have it	 I'm 22 and still struggle everyday and I've been on a very long journey to be here today	 If anyone with a eating disorder wants to message me or anything I'm here :)																															I love you Gabbie. You are the best you that you could possibly be.																																				ily 																																				thank you	 this ment alot to me	 I love you forever gabbie																																		I would love to see a video more in depth.																																				"i counted my calories for so long and it started from me limiting myself to 800 calories (which i researched and was apparently the minimum my body could have) which ended with me eating 200 calories at most everyday and drinking 4+ liters of water. i recently recharged my old phone long enough for me to read through old conversations with my boyfriend of me freaking the fuck out over myself eating 400 calories. after about a month or so of me working at my current job, my coworker brought cookies (this was while i was trying to make myself chill the fuck out) and i said ""lol i'm going to end up gaining weight from working here"" (because people brought in snacks a lot) and she just looked at me and said ""so what?"" and my mind fucking exploded. i have stopped counting calories, started enjoying food as much as i can, and have stayed off the scales for quite some time now and i haven't felt better about myself since i was a child."																																				You are such a beautiful	 inspirational person. Thank you for sharing your story																																			Gabbie I never had any idea you'd struggled with any of that. You're so strong and its so amazing having a role model like you to look up to __																																				I LOVE U SOO FUCKINNGG MUSHH .. urr maaah diva .. maahh queen .. maah everything ______.. ur perfect in urr ownn wayy dont lett anyone tell u otherwise ________																																				you are perfect you are skinny your not fat you are amazing girl																																				You're so pretty Gabbie :)																																				I thought this was a joke from her vlogs XD																																				this was a really inspiring video <3																																				thanks so much for sharing Gabbi__. I have a history of balemmia and just being obsessed with exercising and trying to lose weight since I was very young. It was getting out of control until my mom found out and starting monitoring me all the time. Then	 I found the raw til 4 (vegan) life style and it has helped me so much! I have never been this healthy and not so stressed about food or mindless rather...So glad you're doing much ____																																			Cheers	 luv!																																			I've kinda got the same body type as Gabbie and I love it the way it is and so should everyone that has it!																																				I would like to know more about it	 please make a video :)																																			Love you Gabbie ____________																																				Aw	 I love you Gab																																			What can you get your mile in? Like she would actually respond to me__																																				"This really touched my heart.Like Im going though this right now. ""Everyone is saying your lossing weight, you look so good now"". So I feel like I wasn't ever pretty or good enough for no one.So I tried working out and it's so hatd i try to not give up and keep going....but i can't. I cry so much and I have no one i feel I can go to. Thank u so much i cried almost watching this like this hit me SOO HARD______"																																				Gabbie I love you. I would love to see a video more in depth about your eating disorder. <3																																				omg u r so inspiring because im 12 years old and i think that im fat because people kept telling me im fat or ugly and then my grandma was like ur so skinny and im like no im not im fat. the worst thing is i dont eat breakfast and i try not to eat lunch and school. i have a pool party coming up tomorrow and i was afraid of letting people see me in my bathing suit because every one in my grade is skinnier than me but u really helped me realize that im perfest the way i am and that i shouldnt worry so i wanted to say thanks																																				Gabbie	 you're so so so gorgeous. You're gorgeous inside and out. I'm happy you're feeling more comfortable in your body and are working to help others feel the same. Thank you for sharing your story	 I hope all goes well for you in the future __																																		you're beautiful.. and u don't always need to be happy... ur awesome just as u are... ___																																				So were those jokes from David always hurting you																																				always super proud of you gabs. it's extremely difficult to say some of the things you have said recently and you do it so well.																																				omg gabbie i love you so much and inspired me to be me!!!thank you so much!!!																																				you Beautiful just the way you are gabbie																																				Even if gabbie looked different I would still be subscribed.																																				Much love gabbie __																																				I just realized that you just told a story about my life. I have struggled with my weight ever since I was 10 and one of my family members called me fat. I have been on a emotional and physical rollercoaster the past few years but I finally realized that I want I was doing to my body was disgusting I would binge and purge and restrict my calories and I would always cry trying to figure out why I couldn't lose weight. I can still feel like going back at times but now I'm much better	 i have gone vegan I excise more and I eat healthy most of the time. And if anyone is going through the same as me or gabble has gone through me only advice is too GO VEGAN I'm not trying to be preachy I'm just trying too help anyone whose is going through the same thing I went through.(I know it's really long and scrambled I'm sorry)																																			I love you Gabbie! You are amazing and beautiful from the inside out!____________________																																				Hi gabie, I have an eating disturbance and every thing you said that you did I do the same .and it's so hard to dill with it. I lost 9 pound in somethings like 2 month. My paired stopped and sometime I'm not eating all days. I talk about this with some of my friends but they don't get it, they don't understand how hard is it! And I can't tell my mom and my family. I feel like I can't talk with any one I feel so bad I wake up every morning and I feel so depress. No one can help me, I feel so alone I hate my body so much I just hate him I hate to be on my on skin. I need help pls help me. Love you so so much. Stav Instagram - stavdeutch Twitter-stavdeutch Snapchat-stavdeutch Pls try to communicate me. You the only one that can help me																																				Why do people find it necessary to comment on other people's weights anyways?																																				__																																				thank you gabbieI don't have a sob story to sharebut you've inspired me to be the best person I can and to be confident with myself.																																				Gabbie this video was very brave and i would like to an in depth journey video. thank you for actually talking about the serious things.																																				Please do a video going into more depth. Like comedy is good an' all	 but sometimes it's nice to see someone talking about serious topics (:																																			More attention needs to be brought to eating disorders and their signs and symptoms so people know and can recognize if they are developing and eating disorder so they can get out before it's too late.																																				Gabbie you are beautiful and my mom thinks I have an eating disorder and I try to eat to show her I don't but now I eat when I know I need to eat																																				I'm with you Gabbie I'm only 13 and I've had a eating disorder and I stopped about 89% cause of you I love you so much!__																																				<3																																				u are so skinny + you got nice ass																																				Gabbie is fucking stunning man. Just saying ____																																				im actually really jealous of her body																																				The people who disliked must've liked this video so much they turned their device upside down to like it again	 but didn't realize that they were disliking it.																																			When I was little I had to go to hospital because I wouldn't eat and now some people think I'm fat and look like gabby or my mum so I'm just like you can call me fat but not gabby my mum or anyone else that I love																																				Gabby you aren't alone we love you!																																				I would really like to see an in depth video about your journey. Stay strong Gabbie __________																																				If it's not to hard for you	 may you be able to go into detail about your journey through eating disorder?																																			Gabbie you're so incredibly brave to share this story and your struggle with us thank you so much for making this video we're so so proud of you for how far you've come!!!!																																				As much as I love the funny videos	 I think I love the videos where Gabbie talks to her fans more. YOU GO GIRL!!!																																			You inspire me to love myself just the way I am and to just make healthier choices. Thank you	 Gabbie.																																			If you could	 yes you should make an in depth video. __																																			Please do an in depth video Gabbie xxx																																				so was i the only one touched by this video? your amazing gab i'm pretty sure most of us look at u and say we wanna be you.																																				i am proud of you gabbie <3																																				I had the same swallowing problem because of my anxiety!																																				"hey gabbie my cousin just got diagnosed with her eating disorder due to all of her stress with her parents divorce.She is the same size as me and we both are not even close to being ""fat"". I don't really know how to talk to her and she is going through this very bad stage in her life right now and I have no clue how to help her. If you could please give me ideas I would love that and it really made me understand what she is going through since I saw this video. Thanks for being my inspiration love you!!"																																				"""your before picture may be someone's goals"" that hit me hard"																																				Gabbie I have personaly always thought of you as a kind of person who speaks her mind and is head strong and I'm very young and what you have said in this video has given more confidence to who I am. I never really thought of myself as skinny	 thanks for the confidence. Remember your PERFECT way you are!!!__																																			This is why you shouldn't bully someone because you don't like the way they look. 1 million subs or not she stills has feelings. love you gabbs																																				Listen up people. We are all beautiful	 inside and out. Keep moving	 push out negativity and just smile__																																		Gabbie you're so beautiful. It makes me sad that you cried about yourself. Gabbie you're gorgeous and skinny and you have an amazing body. You are you and you're perfect just the way you are!!																																				Thank you gabbie it almost made me cry.... I have now decided	 I'm gonna get better. I want to get better.																																			I think it would be a good video if you went into depth about it	 we are here for you gabbie and talking about it may help																																			if anyone tells you that your fat	 they are dumbasses.																																			You are perfect the way you are there are most likely going to be hate comments don't let those effect you																																				Gabbie your not fat																																				I WORKED OUT YESTERDAY FOR THE FIRST TIME IN FOREVER BECAUSE IM TRYING TO GET MY LIFE TOGETHER AND THIS JUST REALLY MADE ME HAPPY I JUST WISH I KNEW HOW TO EAT HEALTHY FOODS																																				Remember in one of David's vlogs he told gabbie that he only calls her FAT because she's NOT fat but she THINKS she is?																																				I have always thought you are so beautiful	 Gabbie! __ Thank you for making this video and encouraging everyone watching! __																																			Thank you gabbie for letting me know I'm not alone in that mindset																																				"I never in a million years thought that someone else, would understand. I spent years being told I was fat. I quit eating meals for an entire year because a guy looked at me and asked me ""do you really think you should eat that?"" I was eating saltines. I got so sick I started focusing on the scale. I would start off every day by getting on the scale and I would end each day getting back on. I would put myself through horrible diets and long days of exercise just trying to be perfect. And you're right. You can never get over it. You'll always have that voice in the back of your head screaming to put the fork down. Even if you're healthy. And I am not fat. I never was. It just shows how bullies, and even yourself, can force you to think otherwise. And put things into your mind that aren't even there. It's been 6 years since I was told by a teacher (who I now realize saved my life), ""whatever you're doing, isn't helping, it's making you sick""."																																				I really would appretiate if you would make another in depth video about your eating disorder. I think it might help a lot of us. :)																																				You are so amazing gabbie ______																																				thank you so much Gabbie! I have weighed more than my two older sisters for a good portion of my life	 so I would think I was fat even when I was told I'm not. You helped me realize that it doesn't matter our weight or our size	 so thank you! ___																																		Omg Gabbie you and this video are both so perfect. Words cannot fathom how much this meant to me.																																				Thank you so much. This really opened up my mind __																																				yeah Gab.. this hit home hard. brave for speaking up and girl you are gorgeous _																																				gabbie you're honestly so perfect	 you are so beautiful inside and out	 and congratulations on your amazing confidence. stay strong	 love.																																	______________________																																				You are such an inspiration i love you																																				Dear Gabbie, You are so brave for putting this on youtube. You shared your story in order to help others and that so brave and inspiring. You are beautiful and mean so much to all of us. You are amazing even if you don't realize it. You help so many people including me and I look up to you so much. You are so inspiring and inspired me to make sure I am healthy and not care what others may think of me. that you so much for everything you have done. Thank you																																				"Wow... This was very touching and brave of you! Thank you for sharing this. You even gave me a saying that I will carry for the rest of my life, ""Comparison is the root of all evil."" As a shorter, babyfaced guy I have struggled with self-image. My weight and health (along with mental health) have fluctuated. So again Thank you for sharing this Gabbie!"																																				YOU ARE SO BEAUTIFUL ________																																				Stop following all those skinny girls on Instagram. You have a curvy body	 you have a small waist and big booty. Follow curvy girls	 I've realized I'll never be like those small petite girls	 I have curves. Just mentioning her because she's well known	 khloe kardashian is a bigger girl	 but when you see her without clothes she has a rock hard body. Everybody's body is shaped different.																															I also sorta feel fat....147 lbs. 5'5? and f13																																				this video made my day thx gabbie																																				thank you for sharing<3																																				Gabbie	 I love you so much. I hope you know how much you mean to and have helped me. You are beautiful	 you are sweet	 and your personality is flawless. Thank you for everything you do ______																																	Gab is you are not fat you are beautiful																																				we love you Gabbie ______																																				I want a mire detailed video about the eating disorder																																				If it's ok with you gabbie I would like to hear your detailed disorder video.																																				You don't ever have to change	 you're the last person to ever wanna change	 you're soo beautiful and such an inspiration and I want you to know if you ever think no one likes you the way you are	 well.. I'm here	 and I LOVE youu	 and yeah please post a video about the details of your journey	 cuz I always learn and get inspired and motivated from you(you were and always will be my favorite teacher	 or at least your class is never boring____) I'm Lebanese and I hope you read this__																													I cried during this. I don't even have an eating disorder and I love myself. I just cried. You are so inspiring.																																				gabbie, please read this. you are beautiful. you are NOT fat you are MY goal. I aspire to be like you, you are my hero. please never forget that x __																																				I have never related to a video SO MUCH in my life	 it really makes me think that I'm not the only one going trough things like this																																			Gabbie	 its understandable that you feel that way in this shallow society...its great that you sent out this message to show once again nobody is alone in this kind of struggle & it is a shame that this kind of feeling exists...my opinion you are hot & i would cook a meal (without burning it) on a NON-CRAZY first date....stay funny	 stay cute																																		Your pretty I'm not kidding your stunning I tried to be like all the you tubers washing my face every second practice makeup I mean people were human I'm not super man some times I'm changing my opinions about myself think of it I watch your vids and vines all the time and I'm bout ten years old looking at people I feel older and I don't enjoy how life takes a toll on you I'm going to fifth grade and if I can't prove I'm myself I don't think I am me and that's wrong																																				Gabbie	 you are beautiful. You're perfect.																																			Your fat isn't an insult F= Fabulous A= Amazing T= True																																				so this is the video that the description in the video before this one reffers to																																				I really needed this video so much. You are such an amazing human being. I love you so much Gabbie.																																				I have eating disorders (anorexia and bulimia)and have been suffering with it for 10 years now(since I was 8) but I just wanted to say thank you xxx thank you for being you xxx thank you for posting this video xxx you're a true inspiration xxx love you xxx																																				I want to hear the more in depth story																																				Thank you gabbie this was very touching I will look at myself in a positive way and not judge myself thank you __________																																				Pls make an in-dept video.																																				I feel bad because I'm shoving chips in my mouth while watching this.. Love you gab																																				"Gabbie this hit me really hard because I have an eating disorder and it plagues my life. I have been told your too fat, if you were skinny you would look better, I would date you if you weren't so ""large"", and only now am I becoming less scared of food, and it is down to people like you. You have helped me so so much and I can now eat meals with my family and friends without going to a bathroom straight after and just really want yo thank you for pretty much saving my life xx your amazing and gorgeous. Love you thanks for always being there to make me smile through the pain :)"																																				"I don't think that people understand what Gabbie is going through. You say she's perfect and doesn't need to change, I think this too, but, maybe because she looks healthy, doesn't mean she actually is. An extremely obese person can have exceptional health, and a person who's body looks perfect and healthy can actually be sick. I'm not saying that Gabbie is unhealthy, I'm just saying that everyone commenting ""You dont need to change!"" ""You're perfect"" ""Eat as much as you want!!"" They dont UNDERSTAND. Body shape does not indicate whether or not you are healthy. Your HEALTH indicates that. Maybe Gabbie i going through something that she needs to change. Maybe she really eats too much, or too little. But way too many people don't understand what these videos mean. I am one who used to comment things like telling people they are perfect, but then I started to understand what indicates whether people are healthy or not. I do think Gabbie's body is beautiful, but maybe her health could be a problem. She made an EATING DISORDER video. An eating disorder is not healthy! You people in the comments section need to understand this. I love Gabbie, she is my favorite YouTuber, but when someone makes a video about personal health problems, that means that they are not perfect, and neither is their health. I'm not commenting this to put Gabbie down, I am just trying to say that all these comments about her looking perfect, doesnt mean her health is. Sure, she looks healthy, but people look one way and are actually another. Gabbie, I love you, and that will never change. :) <3"																																				thank you so much gabbie this hit me so much...thank you																																				Gabbie you are the funniest most charismatic person I know ______																																				Thanks for this video. It helps me feel good about myself																																				Holy fucking shit Gabbie. You dont realize how my i needed this	 i was going to FUCKING KILL MYSELF LAST NIGHT. But i stayed	 and im glad i did. Thanks Gabbie	 Love you																																	How did u feel when u she called u a skinny minnie?																																				Gabs! You have been such an inspiration in my life. You give me hope that there are still people out there who can care for others. This video takes so much guts to put out there, but you did it. You prevailed and shared this with us. No matter what anyone says, just be yourself and be happy. Happiness is such an important part of life. Don't let anyone get you down, just be you and do you, you're an amazing person. ______ (I have only started watching your videos this year, but I have watched everyone of your videos, and you make me laugh when I don't even want to smile. Your stories just make me want to give you a massive hug and tell you that you are going to be okay, and that you should just be happy. From your story time videos I can tell that you've been through a lot. But, hey, you've made it this far. You are a strong person. Keep fighting. We are with you through it all.) ______																																				thank you for this. I'm on the opposite end. I think I'm a food addict	 but I feel like I go through the same emotions. I've spent so much time hating myself for being weak or being unable to control myself. Working out helps. I've been getting better lately but my dad randomly will make a comment about losing weight or being fat and I feel like my progress falls apart and I have to start over. I get mixed messages all the time as to whether I'm healthy and pretty or fat and unhealthy. I struggle so much with size and I'm not even that big. I needed this. and I know so many other probably did too.																																			gabbie I love you	 don't ever forget that. evenÊ tho you don't know who I am																																			you don't worry about your wait Gabbie you are perfect beautiful and amazing we all love you don't change																																				LOVE YOU GABBIEE _________																																				I loved this video like I do all others!!! <3 You look better than I would even if I turned into Kendall Jenner. You're beautiful, don't forget it Gabbie. xoxo, Ivey																																				How am I supposed to not compare myself to others? All I can think of is why I can't look good and wear rhompers	 and boho looks with my body shape??																																			I understand.																																				lmao i eat when im bored ________																																				I love you gabbie hanna																																				"Never let someone else's ""perfect"" body get in the way of your self confidence! You never know, maybe they feel jealous over your body. We're all so beautifully unique from one another, it'd be weird if our bodies all looked the same <3"																																				What is the app called can you tell me																																				If you're reading this I just want you to know that if this video is triggering you to be anorexic or you actually want to eat less	 don't. I've been suffering since I was 14 and I've been in many homes where they would force me to eat. I've had to get force fed for a month and I would even try to take out the tube. I'm now 16 and I still suffer from it. I purge sometimes but it's ok because if you told me at 15 when I was in that hospital bed that I would be where I am now	 I would never believe you. So if you're suffering	 just know that it gets better.. Eventually.																																	I think you are beautiful inside and out Gabbie! Keep it up!																																				please date shannon																																				______________																																				Gabbie you are a beautifull person on the inside and out. It takes a lot of guts to post such a personal and emotional story for everyone to see. This is another example of how strong you truly are.																																				Dear Gabbie, You are right just the way you are! !....as long as I have been looking at your vlogs you have not looked fat at all......Stop listening to those stupid haters and just be healthy for you! ......Im a big guy and ive learned to love myself and I feel im just as good as those celebrities and if those girls don't like it that's their shallow fault! Dont let anyone tell you your not good enough. .... YOU ARE PERFECT JUST THE WAY YOU ARE! !!																																				I love you for this video. I needed this. Thank you Gabbie x																																				thank you for this gabbie.																																				____________																																				Hurt hurt hurt hurt hurt hurt GAHHHH this hurts my heart ooooo I love you so much your so pretty you deserve the world I love youuuu																																				omg... this means so much for me...																																				Bringing back the Purple Hearts ______																																				________																																				PURPLE HEARTS FOR GABBIE ______________ WE LOVE YOU!!!																																				I used to have an eating disorder. My mother would always try to fix it by yelling and that obviously didn't work. Thank you for sharing your story. It means a lot.																																				I have stretch marks around my armpits	 back of my shoulders and down to my elbow	 hips and bottom of stomach. That's the result of my eating disorder. Even though I've lost and am losing weight I'm beyond self-conscious and have worn a hoodie for the better part of the last two years no matter how hot it is. All because I didn't admit sooner I had a problem. If anyone gives af to read this	 admit your problems when you begin to notice and listen to what others might say to you. Not admitting can lead to more personal issues like it has with myself.																																	How the fuck can anyone think you're fat?! Really?! People are fucked up! You are nowhere near fat! Tf																																				can you do a makeup tutorial gabbie!!!																																				Omg i would never think that this would be that helpfull thank you so so much																																				I love you	 Gabbie. it takes a lot of courage to tell your story. You're a wonderful soul and you are so beautiful. __ Your videos have helped me through a lot. Thank you for being you and I can't wait to watch more videos _																																			I admire you __																																				Omg Gabbie I literally had the same exact problem like no fucking joke. I always compared my self to everyone and I always thought I was fat. I kinda was but then I lost a lot of weight and I still thight I was. People always called me fat. Love you																																				I love you so much gabbie and I would love to see more videos about this in the future ____																																				I totally relate to this	 last summer i finished losing 60lbs over about 2 years and now a year later I gained back about 30lbs. I think about what im going to eat and get scared to socialize and be around food. I've also had a binge eating disorder too	 sadly. I guess i'm just writing this to let you know alot of people go through it and you aren't alone!																																		__________________ I am proud of you __________________																																				Ily ur beautiful just the way u are																																				please go into more detail about this in another video. it might help to talk about some of the weird things you did cos people might so that too and think it's fine but then realize they may also have a problem. .																																				GABBIEEE! I had the same issues	 but you're beautiful	 don't let those trolls tell you that you're fat. I know that's slightly hypocritical because I still think about that. But you are definitely an inspiration____																																		Gab__ this story makes me cry____ ily__________																																				I know what you dealing with I struggled with anerorxia for two years and still struggling with the body hate and losing weight																																				Thank you for sharing this																																				Gabbie your gorgeous in every single way	 I love you__																																			Gabbie	 I love you!! So much!! Fuck boyfriends you areÊmy fucking bae!!!!!																																			I think if you want to get more deeply into this in another video and if you feel like that speaking about these things to get some pressure of you're shoulders. You have to make a video on it! I think that deep and hard things about youre an other YouTubeers life should spoke about in some of their videos. It's important for you and the fans should know what you are and have gone through. There so much more I want to say about this. But I can't and there is only a few people that are going to see this anyway. But Gabbie needs to know this so i am writing this in hope of her reading it!____________																																				I will never ever ever be able to thank you enough for this video...I cried the entire time	 bc its good to know someone feels and has felt the same. I don't even know how to explain how much I needed this..thank you so much. I love you__																																			________________Gabbie your perfect!!! Your not fat your beautiful!!!__																																				I want to thank Abby cuz I'm not going to lie I have the same disorder and I'm only 13 so thank u Abby for showing me that . That's not the way to go and thank u got making videos because the really have boosted me confidence so thank you																																				"Gabbie... I just recently started watching your videos.. I love all of them... this video in particularly inspired me so much to love my body... I am I the same place as you... I have been struggling with my ED for about 3 years.. although I'm skinny... I always felt fat... because I was comparing myself to others... I took what you said to mind... about ""my before photo might be someone else's goal"" It has been about 4-5 months since I've overcome MY ED... but never loved my body... but this video actually changed my mind and I see things differently now... you are gorgeous no matter what.. never forget that... and you are awesome as hell__"																																				I love you gab. stay strong __________________________________________________________________________________________																																				Loved this	 and the song choice at the end of the video__	 please can you do a video of how you were able to choose the healthier food over the bar of candy or junk food as this is what I do I binge at the start of the day on endless amounts of chocolate and then nothing else I've been struggling with having a healthy diet for about 3 years now____																																		gabby I love you__ I can relate so much to you.																																				Ly______																																				Thank you for making this video it make me believe I can do it to I'm going to try as hard as I can go be the best and to make you proud gabbie I love you and all that you do @TheGabbieShow																																				__________________																																				Can you tell me the name of the app that you used to count your calories ?																																				Gabbie really is golden ____																																				I've never heard of anyone so close to my story.. I've never met anyone who had the same problem swallowing	 or being in denial even after a professional tells you. I didn't acknowledge my anorexia until after I was out of impatient treatment for 2 months. I relate so much gabbie. Thank you for this. People think it's weird that I'm so open with my struggles but you just told over a million people about yours. I look up to you so much more now- thank you thank you thank you __																																			thank you so much. I really needed this right now.																																				were the same size in clothes so when you say your fat or make jokes it makes me think your insane. bc I like the wsy you look gabbie																																				definitely think you should check out Freelee's videos!!! it'll help :) love you																																				This is such an inspiration																																																																								Stay strong gab__																																				that really made my day.I had a suicide attempt yesterday	I was so close to killing myself but my mom came and just thank u so much																																			Who else was crying																																				oh yeah and ur pretty hot																																				Omg	 I love Gabbie so much																																			Yes please do a more in depth video	 it would help me so much!! Xx																																			IF YOU DARE MAKE FUN OF GABBIE THAT IS PATHETIC AND READ THE DESCRIPTION OF THE VID. Gabbie	 you are amazing <3 and to all those people who suffer from an eating disorder... i hope you feel better and look at yourself and think about your beauty on the inside.																																			<3																																				____ Gabbie you've helped me realize so much and now I've learned to force myself to stop being so critical towards who I am. I know you've just saved some lives and I love you so much. You are my inspiration and YOU DESERVE TO KNOW HOW NATURALLY GORGEOUS YOU ARE! Thank you. ____																																				"I don't even care that you don't make ""funny"" videos anymore cause ur new ones are so good__"																																				Hey	 Gabbie! You can't imagine how much the fact that you shared your story means to me. I've been struggling with an eating disorder for 5 years. I don't know how to stop and I don't have money for a good therapist	 and to be honest I don't even believe that therapy is effective. But it's a huge relief to know that I'm not completely alone.																																		i am so proud of you	 love you lots. you are an amazing person and i hope you know that <3																																			Plz make a more in depth video about your journey																																				Gabbie	 I love you so fucking much and you're so fucking beautiful																																			so proud of you and i can relate to everything you just put into words. so proud love you																																				I eat (only) junk food and crackers and stuff (I know it's unhealthy I'm working on it) but it is IMPOSSIBLE for me to gain weight. I'm not really complaining, I love my body. People say I'm too skinny but I think I'm not. I don't think I'm fat either. I don't have an eating disorder even tho some people think so. I know it bc proffessionals +people who have had eating disorders say so. This comment doesn't really make sence and it's really random but I just had to get this off my chest so FUCK YOU people who say I don't eat enough cause BITCH I DO FUCKIN EAT SHIT! Ok now I'm fine__																																				This is amazing advise and I love you gabbie you are the best																																				i wish this video was put out a few months ago	 as my friend has been in the hospital for a month because of an eating disorder and i constantly worry about her																																			you're perfect																																				____																																				Gabbie __ that's made me cry aw! I love you !! I have been feeling this way about myself I have always felt like I'm the biggest person in my class or that no one looked at me for my personality but they looked at me for my weight I thank you very dearly for this because this summer I thought to myself that I didn't need to lose weight or try to be skinny because I felt like I wasn't doing it for myself but I was doing it for others because I felt like people just didn't know me for who I am. I'm going to a new school this year with way more people and this September I'm not going to try for anyone that calls me fat or out of shape but I'm going to try for the friends that call me beautiful and awesome __ thank you Gabbie for being the true you to the world instead of being someone your not __ (you probably won't see this but I hope that you know I love you and thank you for the inspiration______)																																				I luv you too gabs																																				wow this is so beautiful that you were able to open up and share something so personal. Know that you've touched a lot of people 	 and I encourage you to keep moving forward! God bless <3																																			This honestly made me cry__ Gabbie you're amazing! You're not fat you're not ugly. You're beautiful and honestly... Goals.__ You're subscribers are family	 and family will stick by each other no matter what__ We love you Gab__																																			love to you from all of us __																																				gabbie	i just wanted to say thank you	 just thank you. ever since I started watching you my confidence boosted way up. I don't know why but something about watching a girl who doesn't give 2 shits about what people say really inspires me.i learned to love myself the way I am and not obsess over what other people think about me. this video brought tears to my eyes	 just listening how you overcame something you were struggling with really made me happy. gabbie keep doing what you're doing because it makes me and thousands of other people smile. and continue giving no shits about what people think. again thank you for being the wonderful and amazing girl you are.																																	gabbie	i just wanted to say thank you	 just thank you. ever since I started watching you my confidence boosted way up. I don't know why but something about watching a girl who doesn't give 2 shits about what people say really inspires me.i learned to love myself the way I am and not obsess over what other people think about me. this video brought tears to my eyes	 just listening how you overcame something you were struggling with really made me happy. gabbie keep doing what you're doing because it makes me and thousands of other people smile. and continue giving no shits about what people think. again thank you for being the wonderful and amazing girl you are.																																	Well done Gabbie. All that's needed to be said.																																				Gabbie my dad got me a tablet and it's why I'm using and I'm actually a girl.And 1 day wanna be like you ______																																				I'm 14	 130 pounds	 and 5'6. My mom calls me fat. I don't think I'm fat but I'm definitely not skinny. My sister is tiny (5'5 and 110 pounds) and she is 4 years older than me. She only eats breakfast as her meal for one day. I eat three meals and multiple snacks each day. I have been depressed for about a year and a half now and having my mom call me fat isn't helping. I have talks with my mom about my sister and how she needs help but my mom thinks I'm the one who truly needs help. If u guys r going through the same thing and have advice on how to help me that would be amazing. Thanks																																		and I really just want it to stop																																				I literally saw the title and screamed. Gabbie is one of the most beautiful women on this earth	 inside and out. I've been able to meet her	 my other approves of her as my role model	 and I really hope she'll find someone who loves her the way she deserves.																																	I've struggled with eating disorders for years and when I stopped making myself throw up I put on a lot of weight. When I heard you talking about what you were doing it made me realize that I may still have an eating disorder even if I'm no longer bulimic																																				awesome video Gabbie __ you are so beautiful																																				This video is really gonna stick with me. I also struggle with major anxiety and eating problems	 and the fact that you are working so hard to overcome this is really inspiring. My biggest problem has always been comparing myself to others	 so I'm probably going to come watch this video again and again to remind myself why it's not worth it. Sending you lots of love Gabbie xoxo																																		your are so beautiful they just are hating and they want to be you that's why I love you so much and you are amazing please don't be hard on yourself you are very very beautiful																																				I love you Gabbie!																																				Gabbie you are AWESOME AND PERFECT THE WAY YOU ARE!!!																																				"Gabbie, I know my sixteen-year-old opinion isn't worth much, but, I've always thought you were beautiful and perfect. (I'm a guy but...) I struggle with my weight too and the most important thing I can say is: Don't be too critical of yourself. We all have that psychotic director who wants every take to be flawless in our heads, but you can give him the controls. Love your videos and vines, keep up the good work ;)"																																				i eat well everyday	 i play softball with my step-dad	 and i try to workout but i still can't lose weight. I can maintain my weight as it is	 but it's unhealthy for me and i just down right don't like the way i look. i just don't know what to do :/																																	Gabbie you are nowhere near fat I have been called a fatass my entire life																																				I struggle with anorexia	 I've had it since I was 12 years old and I am recovering but I do have my bad days. I just want to tell you	 you're beautiful Gabbie and you can get through this. I love you!																																		Thank you for sharing your story	 it was very brave! It helps benefit all of us :) x																																			I think a lot of these comments speak volumes about how important it is that you posted this.																																				Thank you Gabbie	 just thank you																																			This is why I love you Gab. You are funny and smart and beautiful. I am an over eater	 and I have been trying to control it. I have always been the one to eat the most. When I was younger we didn't have a lot of money or food. So when we did have food I would eat as much as I could to survive. And then I went through a period of time where I refused to eat because I was worried that if I ate then the rest of my family wouldn't be able to eat. Idk if I have an eating disorder per say	 but I know that my eating habits have never been healthy. I love you Gabbie! Ever since I subscribed to your channel I have been happier. It's kind of like I see a lot of myself in you. I don't feel so alone when I watch your videos. I wish you all the happiness in the world. I hope that someday I can come meet you. I feel like we're best friends. Thank you	 for everything Gabbie. ____________________________________________																																	Gabbie	 we really care about you	 and I like to watch the serious videos you make. I want to hear u go more in depth about it. Your beautiful	 smart	 and loved. We care about you. Please	 tell us morez																															Watching this video hit me so hard because I'm only 14 and ppl tell me all the time tht I'm fat and stuff. And I've tried so hard to lose the weight 	 even starving myself. so this video helped me to believe that I'm perfect in my own skin. the song at the end just tore me apart																																			________																																				ok it don't matter if people are fat or skinny or short or tall everyone is perfect the way they are																																				we love you Gabbie you are beautiful brave and strong!!!!!																																				Gabbie ur enough for us <3. U ARE AMAZING!																																				can someone get me her p.o. box? thx																																				Gabs you are so freaking beautiful__ inside and out girly__																																				You're so naturally beautiful inside and out.																																				Gabbie thank you for this. As soon as I saw this i felt such pride and i love you. Thank you because I have struggled since I was 9 years old.																																				I wish I were at that point in my life where I could even motivate myself to work out. I know I'm way too heavy. People tell me all the time. But the motivation is just not there	 I can't even get myself to the gym	 let alone go run a mile. I have no idea how people do it	 I can't get myself to do shit even just to be healthy or whatever.																																	Is her eating disorder that	 when she eats food	 it makes her nose bigger instead of her belly? Sad :(																																		You got a big ass atleast																																				Thankyou I'm going through the same thing but at a way younger age.																																				That sunburn tho																																				__________________																																				__________________																																				Um Gabbie	 food is great and don't let anyone tell you different!																																			I have always wanted Gabbie's body! It's so idealistic in my mind. Thankfully tho	 I have recently become happy with me! I'm not skinny or fat... I'm me. I'm happy. I'm healthy. I eat right and exercise. I've learned to workout and eat right because it feels good and it's makes me happy. I have learned to wear clothes that I feel comfortable in. I have learned that my body is mine and my opinion is the only one that truly matters. this attitude has been years in the making through eating disorders	 problems balancing my food intake and exercise ratio	 an awful	 self critical	 comparing mind set	 and a society that condoned all this bad energy I was putting into myself. I'm glad that part of my life has worked itself out! #bodypositive																														______																																				 your banana is dead on the floor	 mija.	I'm extremely proud of you for the progress you've made and just in general. I love you so much	 Gabbie	 keep smiling !! cx																																I almost cried																																				2	016th comment the year we are in now yeah__																																			Proud of you gabbie stay strong ____																																				This has defiantly helped me- I am in/ getting over a problem similar to her's.																																				that's deep																																				this actually inspired me in a way that i can be someone's body goals as well !! ily gabby & your super gorgeous the way you areee!!																																				I personally would like a more in depth video about your journey please. No pressure. Love ya Gabs!__																																				Gabbie	 you are amazing and you are my inspiration	 like actually. And i just really wanted to tell you	 that you are fucking amazing and gorgeous...																																	Ur going to win the teen choice award ____ ur last couple videos have been so uplifting and smart.																																				____																																				this actually inspired me in a way that i can be someone's body goals as well !! ily gabby & your super gorgeous the way you areee!!																																				You are so strong, talented, and beautiful Gabbie! <3 It probably took so much courage to upload this video for the world to see and I would love to watch a video of you getting more in detail when you are ready! I know this video will help many others in their situations. I'm only sixteen, but from when I was twelve to fourteen I had a lot of body image issues and there would be times when I had to force myself to eat. Luckily, now I am quite confident with myself, but I do have episodes here and there. Anyways, I love you Gabbie, stay strong! You got this! Same for anyone in the world reading this, you will get through this and conquer it! <3																																				Didn't write it down	 didn't want it to be scripted...8 jump cuts in just the introduction.																																			Guys lets all Quote the tweet that she posted this Video with purple hearts! She deserves it :)																																				Gabbie God made you beautiful	 you are perfect in God's eyes. Do not let words get to you	 they go through one ear and out the other. Gabbie you are perfect in YOUR own ways	 and know that we all love and support you very much. This came from my heart	 God bless you Gabbie. __																																I love you gabbie	 you're absolutely gorgeous inside and out. And we love you no matter what.																																			________________________________________________________																																				Gabbie you are my role model I'm 11 and when I got on a scale I thought 101 pounds was big but you tought me to love my body so now I still try to eat healthy and workout. #GabbieTheSuperhero																																				Wow this video hit me hard																																				Gabbie I love you and your videos! They always bring happiness to me	 especially when I'm down. Stay strong and keep up the excellent and inspiring work! __																																			H																																				i would love to watch a video with more depth about your journey																																				hey y'all i myself has struggled with my weight for most of my teenage life but in the beginning of 2016 i decided to become vegan and reduce the intake of oil because i would legit have fried food every day for dinner and it helped me gain confidence and kept the weight off. Am not asking you to give up what you already eat but maybe you can give it a try or incorporate it into your eating lifestyle. Also you gotta find the foods that are good for you and you enjoy eating. For me i mainly eat Rice beans pasta potatoes fruit and on the weekends or sometimes when am craving something junky i make french fries or vegan tacos.																																				I love you soso much																																				I																																				You're great Gabbie__ I LOVE YOU!!!!!!!!!!_________________ #Underdogs__																																				"Thank you Gabbie. This really inspires me. For my whole life I have struggled with my image. I'm not happy with how I look. For the past couple of months I have been trying to loose weight. So far I've lost 21 pounds but still I am disgusted with the way I look. This opened my eyes. ""It's not about taking numbers off the scale, it's about being healthy."" I really needed to hear that now more than ever. The bullying recently has dragged me down. But you're someone who I can look up to and smile whenever I see you. Thank you for that. Remember you're so beautiful. Have an amazing day!"																																				Who cried?? xD																																				Well crap. I guess I have an eating disorder...																																				Gabbie	 you are a beautiful woman with a beautiful body. Anybody who tells you different is a liar. I hope you know that all your fans are behind you and supporting you	 you dont need to lose another pound cause you are perfect no matter what anyone else says. __																																		gabbie we all love you and fuck those other people taht call you fat...you are beautiful no matter what anybody says...we love you _																																				who the hell would dislike this video?																																				Gabby this was amazing. I love you. Thank you __																																				Gabbie	 you're beautiful and you're body looks amazing!_ and it's amazing how strong you are and how far you've come																																			"Gabb you are not fat you are curvey and I think that is so gorgeous look at lizza or the other girls everybody is different and beautiful the way they are ! we all are different and if everyone had the same ""perfect"" as people like to describe it as then no one will be special and unique !! __ btw sorry for my terrible English__"																																				i love you gabbie no matter what babe i fucking love you!!!!!!!!																																				attention seeker																																				and there are still people calling you fat. thanks ppl for causing disorders :) the world would be worse without your brave constructive critism																																				Gabbie I'm so glad you use your platform for the better. I love you gabbie I have never experienced something like that but this brought awarness to me and my future self.___																																				I love her so much.																																				i love you so much gabbie																																				I've been in anorexia recovery for a year and was almost hospitalized on a few occasions. Eating disorders are tough and take a lot of therapy to work through	 I'm a lot better off than a was a year ago but still struggle everyday. Stay strong gabs __																																			GABBIE PLEASE DON'T CHANGE YOU ARE PERFECT THE WAY U ARE WE ALL LOVE U TO DEATH AND DON'T FORGET THAT																																				she's so amazing																																				You're very beautiful Gab__ love you don't listen to any of those pathetic people who try to drain you of your happiness______																																				I have basically the exact same issue as you have	 literally word for word.																																			thank u gabbie u don't know it but u helped me today ily																																				You're so strong Gabbie!! Thank you for sharing your story __																																				Gabbie thank you for that amazing speech! I truly idolize you and want to thank you because this video truly spoke to me... I don't have an eating disorder nor have I ever but I have been thinking of starving myself since a lot of my friends are super skinny naturally. This video made me realize that I don't need to do that. Thank you so much! As for you	 you're a great person. Plus you're amazing at what you do! Never stop being you!																																			Don't apologize for your content. Post what you want.																																				you're amazing	 Gabbie ^-^																																			Gabbie	 i would like to see you all natural. Like	 no makeup or anything. You look gorgeous	 you dont need to cover it up :)																																	GABBIE YOU ARE SUCH AN INSPIRATION TO GIRLS LIKE ME ILYSM THIS OPENED MY EYES________ you are so strong and beautiful and I hope one day u can meet you__																																				thank you Gabbie. I needed this.																																				U really did help me and I really appreciate it! I think u r very inspiring	 amazing	 brave and strong! I look up to u and I really like how u r making videos to help ur viewers. I have eating disorders and I am was a little anorexic but not as bad as other people have it! It really helps that I know that someone that I think is one of the best people in the world went through this and managed to get out! Thanks u so much	 this video means a lot! ________________																																	That speech made my cry I'v always thoght I was really fat because i'm the tallest person in my school and when ever I steped onto the scale it was in the 100 so I thoght I was very fat but I learned that the highth distributs the wight so now I know I'm not all that fat __																																				This was incredibly brave of you	 and i'm so proud of you. I have struggled with eating disorders from the time I was nine	 so I completely understand how difficult and consuming they can be. I'm so glad you're getting help	 and know that I will always support you. Keep being amazing <3																																	Thank you.. I needed this																																				awe gabbie I love you the way you are don't stress you are beautiful____																																				She is so beautiful inside & out!																																				First off so sorry that you have to battle thru eating disorders Gabbie just goes to show that you don't know what people go thru day to day. Second I'm confident that this video will help others that have eating disorders or feel like they have as problem with their image. I personally think you're very beautiful as you are Gabbie but even tho I say that I know dealing with this battle is hard and no matter how many compliments you get it will be a ballte forever. I'm just happy you were able to battle thru to the point where your in control and I'm so proud of you for putting your story out there know that wasn't easy to do. Stay blessed Gabbie	 stay in control and continue to be a awesome and amazing person and role model.																																			I kinda struggle the same thing but this gives me a little hope and inspiration	 thanks gabbie ________ you're not alone on anything																																			"I have a problem as well but I haven't considered it a problem just because when someone's told ""eating problem"" I hey think they eat too much but my problem is that I never eat enough, I don't have a appetite and I can get full by eating half of a sandwich and that added with my height makes it to where I will constantly dip below the scale of healthiness and I will pass out on a regular basis and some people might want this ability to not accept food and I know that, I think this stems from people telling me that there are starving children out there who could use the food that I'm swallowing whole and now I can't eat anything without realizing that I'm eating food and if I don't stop I'm gonna become a fat blob that can't do anything... Idk anymore"																																				I love you	 you are doing so so well. keep working at your dream																																			________________																																				Thank you.																																				I have anxiety too so I know that in a state of panic sometimes just nice words can fly right by	 but I want you to know that I would still support you and watch your videos if you were obese	 really thin	 bald	 hairy as fuck	 had toes for fingers	 had 1000 piercings	 or had a unicorn horn (especially if you had a unicorn horn __). We love you and support you in whatever kind of video you want/need to make!																													Wait.... U ate some goldfish?																																				___																																				Gabbie don't worry no matter what u look like we will always love u wlysm																																				________________																																				__________																																				__________																																				______________																																				I didn't have my therapist tell me, but after going I realized that I might. you're so amazing at explaining serious topics. You are absolutely gorgeous, Gabs. So many people look up to you and love you so much <3 P.s. good luck on the teen choice awards! (that part was irrelevant but sh.)																																				I cannot relate to this video but I know that it already helped so many of your viewers. You are beautiful Gabby. Thank you for sharing something this personal with us. You are beautiful and you should never let anyone tell you otherwise.																																				Gabbie u r so strong and u r an inspiration too so many people ____ we love you																																				Thank you for that	 Gabbie <3 you're such an amazing YouTuber	 one of my favorites																																		love this video so much an ur perfect how u r do not let anyone get to u do u b u and stay tru lysm____																																				Love you gabbie __________																																				ur videos sometimes bring such an important message. I love u <3																																				Gabby	 Im obese and your video helped me thanks so much!!! ______																																			I'd be really like to see a more detailed video on your eating disorder	 those things help. ly _																																			I am so happy you made this video tbh.I love my mom but it has been over 7 months now that she has been kind of body shaming me like becoming disappointed with me if i gain a couple pounds or always point our my stretch marks on my legs but even i hate my body	 because of my scoliosis my hips are uneven and my legs jiggle when i run because of the fat and while my friends say i have an hourglass figure of i am curvy... i disagree. A couple days ago my psychiatrist told me I am at the beginning of an eating disorder called bulimia and I need to talk to a pro because if we do not stop it now it will be harder to stop later and can eventually lead to death. She made me do a pro and cons list of food and while I had 2 pros I also had 10 cons which worried her. Now i can't eat ANYTHING without throwing up even if I did want to and i have to take gum with me everywhere so I do not throw up which is hard because my mom does not have a lot of money so we cannot buy gum every day but also if i do not eat food for a while i throw up too so no matter what i am stuck. Yesterday I was just thinking about self-harm because no one understood	 my mom did not and she also told my neighbors and they did not either instead they just blamed it on my choices of food making me even more guilty about eating and not wanting to eat at all. I confronted my mom about how I felt when she was saying those things and she snapped at me. We do not allow gum in our school but I want to tell my new teacher after summer about my situation and ask if I can chew some gum sometimes after lunch but I am afraid because if she says no then I might throw up in front of my class and if they see a pattern they might realize what is happening and that will make me feel alienated. I have been stressing out this whole week about what I am going to do but this video is helping me so much _																																		How I felt too :( I went vegan and it's the best decision I've made																																				Wow	 thats why we should always be confident with ourselves. I love this video _______																																			I rarely	 if ever	 comment on youtube videos but your video made me cry. The reason that it made me cry is because I have not been comfortable in my skin since I had my son 3 years ago. Before I was pregnant with him I was a healthy weight	 once I got pregnant I had a difficult time- I gained 90 lbs. I have struggled with putting on weight and taking it off ever since and have not gotten down to my pre-pregnant size (I've come to the realization that I never will and I'm okay with that part). The thing is	 I am pregnant again and have this intense fear of gaining weight which i know is not healthy since you sort of have to gain weight when pregnant (obviously not 90 lbs but whatever). Anyway	 this video put a lot of things into perspective and I appreciate that you opened up about your story. You are absolutely right that being healthy is more important than the number on the scale. You are a beautiful person inside and out and I appreciate you telling us all of this!																															this video came in just the right moment ______																																				GABBIE!!!! Thank you for your post! You're PERFECT	 HON!!!!! I love your honesty!																																			I love that you're using your voice for more than just funny story time videos. <3 I love those vids too	 but I appreciate you using your platform to talk about real issues.																																			So proud of you for posting this.																																				please make a video more in depth gab... I love you this video made me cry!!!																																				Gabbie you are so amazing and so inspirational! I haven't had an eating disorder myself but I was so moved by your story and how you bounced back from it. I hope you know that you have helped others who have an ED and that you help make a world a better place with each video! Preach it sister!																																				Gabbie your are so gorgeous and amazing!!! Stay strong we all love you for who you are!!!!__________________																																				I love you Gabbie you deserve to live a long happy life. Don't listen to the horrible people listen to the thousands of people who love you! __																																				I freaking adore her <3																																				gabbie your so beautiful and perfect. all the haters dont understand your humor																																				I think the same as U however I have never had a pm eating disorder. I wish I did because U am so fucking fat I hate every bit of myself																																				I LOVE YOU SO MUCH YOU ARE SO AMAZING AND YOU JUST HELPED ME SO MUCH!__																																				Okay wtf her body is actual perfect she's so curvy I have a rectangle body																																				As a young girl	 I struggle with body positivity every day. After eating I have to force myself to NOT suck in my stomach. I often avoid looking in the mirror. I was a gymnast for many years and have pretty good abs	 but any time I see myself I think I look fat. I have asthma and when I was littler I had pneumonia (twice). Now that my throat muscles aren't being used every five seconds they have become a double chin when I look down. I take adderall for my attention deficit disorder	 but it makes me loose my appetite. I would feel like I was going to vomit after eating half an apple at lunch. During the school year I was swimming for two hours a day and taking medicine that reduced my appetite	 I lost 5 lbs in one month	 but somehow I was still unsatisfied with my body. A few nights ago I stayed up all night doing sit-ups and crying. I hate those models on magazine covers who make me feel so bad. I know it's stupid to resent myself for not being stick thin	 but I do anyways.__ u Gabb!																														Thanks so much for sharing a relatable story. Love you __																																				"im worried that im too thin 50kg... 5""8 i struggle to put weight on no matter what i eat..."																																				I had an eating disorder too but for a different reason	 I love you gabby stay strong__																																			Gabbie I don't know if you'll actually read this	 but you are gorgeous! We don't want you in other form but who you truly are because we subscribe and watch you for the true you! You aren't fat at all! You inspire us to succeed and to be who we are with your humbleness! You say in all of your videos that you love us very much	 but I don't think we could respond in words how much we love you! No matter how much the haters try to bring you down	 you have a million and counting fans on the other side of the screen who love and support you! You truly are amazing!																																	Gabbie you are not fat...Your Not fat once again. Your mind is just tryna trick you into thinking your fat please believe you are not fat..																																				Gabbie thank you for this	 your story is so inspiring and is helping so many people. Love you gabbie and I'm happy that you are gaining confidence and happiness everyday______																																			AYE GIRL! WHY DO YOU SHOOT YOURSELF DOWN SO MUCH OOOOOOOOOOOO I JUST WANNA HUG YOU																																				i'm so grateful for this video. having had eating disorders for 4 years	 it means so much to me that people i look up to be honest about things like this. next month i'm going to hospital for treatment and this makes me feel a lot better about it. I love you																																			________________																																				"Gabbie, I love you so much. I struggle with the same thing as you. Once I didn't eat for a month. I just laid in my bed drinking water watching Netflix on my laptop. I never left my room, I never ate, I never did anything. This really opened my eyes up about how I am not the only one with this problem. I was very skinny naturally (I know some people may take that as bragging but I'm not bragging about it at all. I hate my body so much) I have a smaller frame and my old school was filled with terrible people. I would walk through the hallways and get called ""anorexic"" because of how skinny I was. Little did they know I went home and sat in my room crying my eyes out talking to no one. That was in 7th grade. Then this past year (8th grade) I started getting bigger thighs and a larger butt and a bigger stomach but I think it just doesn't look right because I have smaller boobs. Then in April I started liking my body and I thought I looked good but the people at my old school didn't think so. I started wearing tighter clothes because I finally thought it looked good, then I started getting called a slut. So I started wearing baggier clothes and not doing anything. Just sitting in my room with my phone and laptop. I still do that. That's all I've done since school got out. Your videos make me happy. Please never stop doing what you do. ___"																																				I have NO idea why people dislike this video?																																				I love this	 makes me and hopefully lots of people feel better__																																			many people dont share eatting disorder issues they think that people will judge them and make everything worse but its great that you shared your																																				You'll always be beautiful to Showstoppers	 no matter what size you are and what you look like	 cause real beauty comes from inside _ Love you Gabbie!																																		I think a lot of people could really use this. Thank you Gabbie	 keep up the good work!																																			Thank you for sharing this with us Gabbie	 I've never really thought of it that way. Your message works for every aspect of life too not just body image	 but how we compare our lives with other people's in all aspects. Thank you for also sharing this with your Teenage audience	 I'm sure so many of them are going through the same thing. I wish this video had been around when I was a teenager worrying about the way I looked	 it would have helped me so much <3																																this hits too close to home jesus Christ																																				I've been trying to get fit and honestly you're in my mind as goals. You're beautiful!!																																				I actually love you so much	 you are amazing and perfect.																																			your very beautiful and I love your vines																																				Gabbie	 I am so happy to know that I am not the only girl out there who struggles with this image that I'm always fat an every waking minute is about calories in and out. Thank you for helping me understand that I have problems to work on and that struggling with body image is a normal thing that most go through.																																			your beautifull and NEVER forget it! x																																				Hos long ago was this?																																				When I was younger, I was very thin and my family and friends mocked me for that. I smiled at their jokes but deep inside it hurt me a lot. The past few years I've been stress-eating, and now I'm slightly overweight so my family and friends make jokes about that. But I know now that if I start to love my body, others will too. So no matter our size, we are all great the way we are.																																				Ugh gabbie you're so amazing and you're so beautiful in every way! You are so funny and I love you so much! I hope to meet you one day because that would be so awesome and you will always have my respect for putting yourself out there! Love you gabs!__																																				hey you're not perfect,I'm not perfect nobody can be,but the reason people love you is because of those flaws,no matter what they are because that's what makes you who you are. unless you're a really shitty person,then you should probably work on that ____																																				i wish i could tagg all the haters Gabb has! Everybody has a story. Nice Gabb!! __																																				Gabbie you are the best person I have ever seen in my whole life I love you																																				This helped me so much																																				I stared crying during this.thank you Gabbie__																																				We Love You Gabbie <3																																				I LOVE YOU GABBIE ______																																				I really loved this video it resonated with me very much!!!!!! love you !!!!																																				omg your so brave for doing this 	this means so much																																			damn 7k likes in 45 mins you go girl																																				We love you Gabbie! __																																				Gabbie we love you!! Don't stress! We will always be here. If you want to upload a video. You upload it. If you don't. Then don't. Stay strong. You can do this Gabbie ____																																				gabbie u r skinny and amazing beautiful and a inspiration to me and so many more																																				ILYSM thanks for posting this!__																																				You're too perfect for my own good ____																																				Gabbie we all love you! Don't forget that!																																				this has helped me so much. i really genuinely thank you gaby. you are a pretty great and beautiful person both inside and out. i myself suffer from anxiety	 depression and weight issues and struggle everyday to make it through the day. and today you helped me make through this one. thankyou <3 stay strong.																																			Gabbie you're the best	 honestly	 just the best __ love you!!																																		you have no idea what this means to me some days I eat all day & most of time try to only eat 2 times some times I get full easily & to know that I'm not alone makes me feel better I try so hard to be fit/ healthy but its hard I work out almost everyday due to soccer & lately I've felt fat I see skinny girls every day & think damn wish I was that size but you know what I'm working on loving myself everyday & honesty this video just helped me a little but more thanks __																																				I can relate to this__																																				Spread purple for Gab____																																				I like your deep videos																																				People are too sensitive...																																				it's amazing to see someone brave enough to speak up about this. I'm struggling with bulimia right now and it's really hard to tell people but also really hard to not have anyone comforting me about it																																				nose so big like a fruit loop bird																																				Gabbie I love u so much and u make a good point but the problem with me is that everyone I know calls me fat my friends my sister my family I want to say I'm happy with my life but I can't I cry and try to throw up but I keep eating and eating when I met u at vidcon I cried cuz u are the only person in the world that makes me have a real laugh and makes me happy gabbie I don't know how to explain to u my life I go to a. Therapist cuz everyone thinks I'm crazy gabbie please. Reach out to me @ari_boo_03 on Instagram please gabbie please																																				I'm proud of you Gabbie	 thank you for being brave and sharing so others can take your experience as an advice. I've suffered from eating disorders myself and I'll like to thank you for sharing and thank you for being real and talking about problems around the world because they matter and is amazing seeing people you look up to giving it importance																																			I was just watching your vined too																																				Aww Gabbie__. It's okay	 we all love you!																																			__________																																				<3																																				__________																																				I know i have an eating disorder but my parents don't believe me and its hard to deal with....																																				aw Gabbie. your perfect the way you are. this video made me cry																																				To whoever is reading this: You are beautiful and smart and brave and funny and perfect in your own way. You are amazing and you shouldn't have to hurt your self to feel better about yourself. There are people who love you for yourself, but, there are also people going to try to tear you down and make you feel like nothing. Don't listen to these people whether they are hiding behind a computer screen or saying to your face because they are not telling the truth. People will call you fat or dumb. Don't let these people get to you. You are an amazing person and you have been put on this earth for a reason. You are not worthless. You have meaning. Love yourself and go tell another person you love and care about them today and put some good in the world. ______																																				Its hard I know.. ____																																				I really want a deep serious vid																																				6:45 Kitchen Sink?																																				Gorgeous Awesome Beautiful Brave Inspirational Enthusiastic Read the first letter from each word and spell it out																																				Ur not fat. Ur a Skinny Mini																																				The song at the end is my lyrical dance and it hit me really hard when I just started playing																																				Gabbie you are fit and very beautiful. I have had many people tell me I'm fat I told my mom and she told me I'm fit and not fat I'm now eating healthy and I feel good now and confident.Ilysm__________																																				You're so strong __ I'm so proud of you																																				"This really hit me in the heart, gabbie u have come so far, i wanna be like you when i grow up <333 ur such a insperation and u r so pretty ;))) the inside is what counts<333333"																																				This makes me feel better because even though I'm 90-95 pounds (I have naturally fast metabolism) I still have people telling me I have to lose weight because I'm somewhat chubby. I've always listened and sometimes only eat 2 meals a day. I think I'm eating enough until I get hungry at 1AM or something like that. Everyone thought I starved myself and I wanted to because I thought I was fat. Then one day my stomach hurt a lot so I ate a full meal. And then I felt better. I started eating 3 meals again and now I'm close to 100 pounds. Even though you're story was nothing like mine	 you still made me feel a lot better about myself. Thank you Gabbie for being such an inspiration to me and everyone else daily. Love you! ~ Jessie __																																			DAMN IT GABBIE																																				____________________________________________________ perfect the way you are gabs!																																				Please Gabbie	 don't starve yourself!! You're so beautiful and perfect!!																																			Gabbie u are rlly pretty n amazing u don't have to lose weight u look perfect																																				We love you__ thank you so much for sharing your life with us.																																				its funny how we all want something we dont have. Curvy girls wanna be skinny	 skinny gals want curves. Tall people want to be shorter	 short people wanna be tall. People with curls want straight hair	 straight haired people want curls	 etc. Beautiful video Gabbie! love the message																																I think that you are beautiful and you are helping people feel better about there self's																																				________																																				I literally love you so much. You're perfect the way you are	 and i'm glad your slowly getting there. I hope you get to were you want to be.																																			YOU JUST INSPIRED ME SO MUCH																																				You are gorgeous! Keep doing what you do! F the haters.																																				i actually shed a tear because i relate so much to this video. Honestly	 Gabbi	 I love your more serious videos because i you are so well spoken. Stay strong Gabbi and keep being great!																																		I'm a small youtuber and I need support let me know when you susbsribed and I'll subscribe back! Thanks a million!!																																				i once had an eating disorder for 2 years without noticing																																				This is an amazing video!!																																				______																																				Thanks gabbie this video really helped me so much __																																				___																																				F**K THE HATERS YOUR PERFECT NO MATTER WHAT____																																				Gabbie you are not fat stop.........I have been told I was fat so many times it hurts me to																																				OMG SO INSPIRATIONAL I love that 1 person can change your whole life love the message gabbie________																																				Gabbie your amazing ____________																																				Everything you said hit me so hard ____ thank you so much for this! __																																				Thank you sm love__																																				Okay here's my story: I am a 15 year old girl with a mother who has emotional abused me since I was seven. For the past year	 I've counted all of my calories	 skipped meals almost daily	 praying that I would lose weight. And I did	 I started losing weight. My friends started getting more and more worried	 but I didn't see it. In my mind	 I was getting better	 but you showed me I wasn't. Gabbie	 I'm going to try. I'm going to try so hard to become better. I know I have an eating disorder of some sort	 but I'm going to try. Thank you	 thank you thank you thank you. To anyone out there who is struggling today	 stay strong. I love you. We can do it together.																									You're so inspiring and strong and I look up to you so much	 you still try to stay positive throughout hard things and I admire that	 I love you so much______																																		thank you for this video __																																				I have the same problem I eat all the time and I'm trying to stop but I am addicted to food and it's a problem to my health.																																				Gabbie your amazing ____________																																				I know you might not be able to read this or see it but tbh this kinda made me cry. in middle school I started having problems with eating. and at some points I didn't know why. I was a little over weight at my age and I got bullied for it and since I have ADHD I had to take pills to focus in class. well since I was going threw depression those pills made it worse on me and would never let me eat when I knew I was hungry I'd get lunch but I would just stare at it as if I couldn't move my arms	 when I would force my self to eat I would feel like throwing up well at one point I forced myself again ate half of my lunch felt sick ran to the bathroom and threw up. every week or very month I would either loose one or two pounds for some reason I thought that was a good thing I didn't know what it was but I thought it was good I was finally going to not be made fun of cause of my weight. but. now that's changed. I was 130 when I was 13 I'm 15 in highschool now and I am 148 I'm not happy with my weight I am finally able to eat and maybe that's why ive gained the weight I felt like I wasn't suppose to. I'm scared for no reason and terrified I will gain more if I don't do something about it.																																			GABBIE I LOVE YOU SO MUCH DONT EVER CHANGE ______																																				Thanks so much gabbie	 this video really helped helped the way I think of the way I look i mean I know im not fat and I know that but I always look at other people and think that I should look like that so from tomorrow im eating healthy and in going to not care about what people think I should look like! Thanks so much gab I love you____																																			Thank you Gabbie. Thank you. This really helped me and usually a lot of stuff never does.																																				I like that she does deep videos	it makes us feel (or some of us)like we're not the only ones.I also like it because we get personal and we know you more Gabbie.Gabbie we love you no matter what!Just block the haters!We love you!______																																			I LOVE YOU SO MUCH GABBIE and I'm s proud of you for making it to where you are today. I'm definitely struggling with some of the same issues that you have gone through	 but this video has inspired me to focus more on eating healthier and worry about fitness rather than weight. I love you so much gab and you really are perfect																																			GABBIE STAY STRONG U R DROPPED DEAD GORGEOUS U R PERFECT AND MY IDOL																																				Once we were doing a activity in school and we were asking each other our weights (for some reason) and I realized I was so much heavier than the other ppl	 even know ppl see me as skinny	 Idfk why I look skinny but I'm fat but since that day I think of mahself as fat	 but idc. :D																																	God Gabbie	 you made me cry. Thank you so much Gab. I love you so much__																																			"Thank you Gabbie for saying it all! I have also been very aware of my body being ""bigger"" than other skinny girls' bodies. I've always thought of myself fat because of the comparisent to the skinny girls. Only now I have realized I am not fat and I should be happy with my body. Love yourselfs everyone!"																																				I want someone to encourage me to stick to my diet plan and exercise. Help.																																				I really needed this. I've struggled with an eating disorder since I was 13, and am now the heaviest I've ever been. I constantly have friends complimenting me and telling me they love my new curves. But I am constantly obsessed with my weight and find myself uncomfortable even going out and being seen now. This video helped remind me that it's about health and loving yourself. Thank you for truly being an inspiration. P.S. Your someone whos beauty and body I have been jealous of. I hope you can see how beautiful you are.																																				thanks for making this video gabbie	 it really did help. glad you're healthy and well <3																																			Im currently dealing with my confidence in my body. Ive been skipping meals and I dont know how to be content with my body. Gabbie PLZ respond or somebody I need help__																																				I love you Gabbie__Your beautiful	don't let anyone tell you different__Thank you for always brightening my day__																																			I love you Gabby.																																				Your not fat you got curves																																				Let's bring back the Purple Hearts for Gabs again! ______																																				Really Needed To Hear This Thank You! __I Love You Gabbie																																				I think that's brave opening up about such a big problem that effects out society and your own personal problems like that. I've only just subscribed to your channel about a couple of mounths ago and enjoy your videos please keep going																																				is she still dating shane? ive been wondering for soooo long																																				in every video my love for you grows even more. because I hear what you have to say!!! loves to you <33																																				Please tell is more...I love your stories!																																				__																																				You can't change society but you can change your thoughts of it. And this is fucking hard. This what you did girl	 and you are AMAZING.__																																			#thegabbieshowforpresident Gabbie that was an amazing speech	 I love your videos! Keep up the good work!																																			Love It Gabbie ____																																				this video has helped me in different ways so love you gabbi xxxx																																				You help out so many people and are just incredibly amazing I love you for that and everything you do________																																				gabbie ur awesome im very fat and like im trying to lose wieght cuz ima go to highschool and nervous that ima get bullied and i had cried so many times also but this vid helped me thank you so much																																				You are always thanking us for supporting but honestly Gab	 thank you!__																																			Girl u know ur body goals____																																				gabbie this actually made me sad to see. your a slim beautiful likeable funny independant woman. we dont watch your videos because your beautiful	 we watch them because we are drawn to you your natural charisma and personality . I dont think it would matter if u were fat or thin or in the middle - you'd still be you <3 Comparing yourself to others never gets you anywhere	 as they say ....calling someone else fat doesnt make you any thinner.... x For what its worth I have a 'desirable' some would say	 hour glass figure with a naturally big bust and blonde hair and i HATE when people make assumtions I used to cover my boobs with sweaters but now I just dont care and I wear what I want... if you are confident and happy in yourself thats all that matters!! Yeah being skinny is useful in a SALE cos they have all your sizes .... but hey heavier people are harder to kipnap so its a win win Lol 	 I could go on forever but just remember OSCAR WILDE'S words 	 Be Yourself Everyone Else Is Already Taken' <3																															No Gabbie! You're beautiful the way you are! Why would you think that?! You're not fat	 you may be bigger than other people but that's what makes you you! Everyone loves you the way you are and never think that! Ilysm and your videos make me smile everyday! You inspire me not to care about my weight anymore! Thank you so much for just being you!__																																			you ate goldfish wtf																																				Gabbie this is so great __																																				Thanks for sharing this Gabbie - you're such an amazing person and strong AF - LOVE YOU!!!																																				Please do another video																																				Thank you so much for your positivity! You have helped me and probably many others feel better about myself. Stay strong																																				You are so beautiful and I love this and am so proud of you!																																				Ur so fucking perfect																																				You are so awesome! This is such a good lesson for all of us	 and you are beautiful no matter what other's say!__																																			Everyone who has EVER called Gabi fat is a dumbass and obviously blind. Gabi, you may not see this, but you are gorgeous, and funny. You are literally goals to the maximum. Btw my name is Leilani, I have been a long time viewer. I have been watching you since your first vines. I love you so much, and so do hundreds of thousands of people. Never ever forget that. ___and __ -Leilani____																																				I love you so much Gabbie!____																																				so I'm crying __ u have helped me so much with this video and thank you for making this. _ ___																																				i'm frim snapchat and i think im speaking for everyone 	 ur gorgeous and amazing 	 funny ... i love you so much																																		we used the outro song for an assembly we did	 Pressure from the Media on Girls	 literally a powerful song in so many ways																																		The description on this vid was on her last vlog... BUT GABBIE UR FREAKING BEAUTIFUL!! I love watching your vids and vlogs!																																				I wanna hear a deeper story of your journey Gabs__																																				You are amazing! Thank you for sharing :)																																				The description on this vid was on her last vlog... BUT GABBIE UR FREAKING BEAUTIFUL!! I love watching your vids and vlogs!																																				Gabbie thank you so much. You are so inspiring and funny and beautiful. I am going to start working out and I'm gonna stick with it.																																				Gabbie you are a amazing and beautiful person you are wonderful don't forget that!__________																																				Gabbie __ Keep it up. I also have an eating disorder but its incredibly difficult when you have no one to lean on.																																				Gabbie your not fat don't listen to those hate comments your perfect the way you are																																				Thank you for being this brave	 and thank you for saying these things that i've always struggled to say out loud.																																			"Awe Gabby were all here for you, you are skinny and you have a good ass body so don't judge yourself keep working to what you call ""skinny"" your a great person don't call yourself fat so proud of you for gaining more confidence it's hard to do that congrats____ your literally perfect"																																				I never would have known. Thank you for sharing this with us Gabbie. You're strong and brave.																																				This is truly beautiful for her to come forward and share this very personal story and it shares a meaningful message as well. I applaud her and I wish more people would be more open with their personal struggles. Thank you Gabbie ______																																				Maybe if everyone went to a therapist we'd all have 'something' wrong with us																																				I loved this video Gabbie!My siblings would call me fat bc they thought I was so I started thinking I was!So I tried out for my jump rope team in my school and put myself through many things! And one week I started not eating and I can't really eat greasy foods bc I'll get sick easily I have this little thing on my neck that keeps me from getting really sick if I didn't have it my mom said I would be in the hospital!Now I get sick more easily bc of all that work!We love you no matter what!You don't have to change a single thing! Bc your beautiful the way you are and no one NO ONE can tell you what or who You have to be!																																				i don't fucking care																																				"""Comparison is the root to all evil and the killer of happiness"" so true. I used to compere myself a lot to some people. My grades were perfect but not good enough for my parents. Now I'm a petroleum engineering student and I love it and I'm proud of myself cause I know that this is what I wanted and I am very good at it"																																				This has helped me so much and I know it has helped so many more . I have had something very similar and this video has given me so much more confidence. I already had a few problems and this just added on .thank you for making this video .I love you sooooooo much stay strong Gabbie __																																				__																																				Gabbie I think your perfect the way you are I'm still trying to teach myself this																																				Love Ya!______																																				I can tell you ... you're a so hot women ... your curves are sooooo sexy ... I realy love your ASS ... I'm a big girl to: but when I say BIG I don't mean fat ... I mean a wonderfully shaped girl or women with curves	 with an ASS	 with boobs	 with a great heart	 with soul	 with character	 etc ... I LOVE IT ... and girl ... I love you <3 ...																														why do people put hate comments.... if u hate them don't try and hurt them becuz the people that them so much will kill u and if u hate them why do u watch there video's ... i mean u make such an effort just to write a comment on someone about wat mistake they made u could just focus on the positive.....																																				awwwww well gabbie i love and support you and always know that we all love you unconditionally:)																																				GABBIE YOU ARE BOT FAT AT ALL YOU ARE A NORMAL SIZE FOR UR AGE REALLY YOU DO NOT LOOK FAT EVER ILY																																				Your body is what got u your view your big huge fat ass																																				Gabbie everything u say in your videos inspire me...everybody has body isuses. Your not alone. Keep doing u i love u so much. Slay.																																				please do a video about your journey! we're all a family and I feel like it would help a lot of people as just this little bit did <3																																				When I first saw u on vine I thought u were SO skinny and normal and I'm an average size.																																				I think I speak for everyone when I say we love you gabbie and keep telling yourself your awesome because it's true. Also Paul McCartney. Yes...																																				Gabbie	 you are honestly so gorgeous and amazing and perfect just the way you are. And we will always love you for just being the funny	 sweet	 kind	 and intelligent person you are. You have changed my life and so many more people's lives. You are my role model and we all love you so	 so much!!____																															i went through a similar struggle a couple years ago.. i'm doing better now	 and i'm glad you are too! stay strong <3																																			I'm so inspired by your story	 Gabbie. I struggle with my weight a lot	 especially recently. Thank you so much for posting this video. Love you so much!!! ________																																		gabbie has just always been such. a great person I think she is soo beautiful .. I don't understand why people fry to put her down .. the fuck I'm so proud of this youtuber always entertaining others .. I just want to hug her I just feel so bad for what she is feeling ... and I don't understand why people think it's okay to point out something they don't like about her appearance when there is literally nothing wrong .. she is perfect the way is definetly one of the more inspiring youtuber and my favourite youtuber #underdogs however people with negative thoughts just leave and stop throwing shade at her .. you don't like her appearance or videos just don't watch them ..																																				are u still dating Shane																																				________																																				Wow	 are you running out of inspiration so much that you have to do this?!!Just wow																																			I once saw this comment and it made my day. You, reading this message are beautiful. Smile more, it can make you feel x100 better. __																																				I've grown up getting Called fat most of my life and I'm still at a young age. I don't think people understand how much there words can effect someone's life. I have started struggling with an eating disorder and just hating my body because I'm not skinny. I don't like the way I look I'll be honest. But watching this made me realize that I don't need to be perfect	 I just need to be happy with myself! Thank you Gabbie	 for making this video____																																		I really want to thank you	 I am definitely gonna take this to heart.__ I have the same thing you did (or do) and I call myself fat a lot. Mostly because I am looking at really skinny people. So thank you!____																																			Gabbie if you are reading this then I just wanted to tell you. that you are gorgeous and funny. and just perfect the way you are. and thank you for being someone to step up and tell their story becaus e sometimes youtubers and people in social media can get so much hate for coming out with stuff like this. you are a very brave person and you inspire so many more people. thank you for making me smile when I need it. Love you!																																				I want to here the in depth story!																																				Props to you for sharing!__																																				fuck off																																				We love you Gabbie																																				gabs you're beautiful and ily. pls do another vid																																				This video was absolutely amazing Gabbie	 thank you so much for sharing this! Love you so much!____																																			Man you have been keeping it real on this channel																																				Oh honey	 you're goning to get your Freelee video anytime soon XD																																			Thank you for this__																																				Gabbie I'm so happy you shared this I struggled with this last year I've started getting better now I had gone to therapy and he told me the same thing. I don't have a trainor and I've never been complimented like that. also u r my goals for my weight u r amazing and I really love you and u r loved ILY... I still have a hard time about my weight number and size but I'm getting better thank you for being my therapy ILY - ThatGabbieLife on twitter ily																																				this was amazing gabbie is so sweet and a wonderful person love you __																																				I have never smiled and literally clapped while watching a computer. Thank you Gabbie.																																				your gorgeous and no one should change them selves for anyone																																				I think it's very brave of you to post this on the internet. I'm so amazed that you're okay with sharing with your fans	 it shows how much you're actually committing to being honest with us and putting your 100% to your YouTube carrier. Keep it up gabby	 keep your head up baby girl. Your amazing and your body is too.																																		YOU ARE AMAZING PERSON GAB <3																																				this hit home gabbie. thank you so much for this. i didn't think i could possibly respect you more than i already had	 but i was wrong. ____																																			Gabby	 you have helped me soooo much throughout this past year in multiple ways. One being that you always made me laugh	 but also being okay with not looking like a starving person. I had no idea that you struggled like this	 but I shouldn't be surprised because people think the same thing about me. I have an healthy relationship with	 mostly just thoughts	 but sometimes I take action and it isn't always good. I wanted to say thank you for motivating me to start being happy with myself. I are helping me sooo much. Love you. ____																															Gabby you're so beautiful inside and out. I don't know if people tell you this a lot but I'm proud of you. Keep up the good work!! :)																																				I have a problem now. I think I have an eating disorder	 everything you said is what I do. I'm having an anxiety attack right now. I worry about everything food	 jeans	 I weight myself everyday. omg																																	I love this video almost as much as I love you __ you're seriously so amazing gabbie	 love you so much																																			<3 <3 <3 endless kisses!!!!!!!!!!!																																				This video just changed my life__																																				"""It's not about losing weight it's about gaining confidence"" YAAAS"																																				I now im straight but damnnn girl u be sexy. i think im a lesbian now..																																				I love these serious videos! Thank you for this and I am happy you are doing better																																				ilysm_																																				Nice video :) thanks for sharing.. u are so pretty on the outside and inside <3																																				You are so pretty 	brave and so nice you never looked fat you always looked so pretty																																			Who would dislike this they are fucking assholes																																				Gabby I love you so much! You have taught me how to love myself__I struggle with the same things as you do. I look up to you and I'm glad you opened up on this topic. I know it's hard to share something so personal and I think you should make another video about this so you could help other people with the same struggles. I love you so much Gabby! You are beautiful and you have an amazing body! Don't let anyone tell you otherwise!__and to anyone reading this- you are beautiful just the way you are____																																				Aww bb you're perfect the way you are																																				Gabble	 you are so brave for talking about such a sensitive subject. You are a great role model for young teens. Love you! ______																																			slay ________																																				I had an eating disorder myself so I would love to hear your hole story__																																				Stay strong Gabbie We love you! __________________________________________________																																				#staystrong																																				This will help so many people we love you so much ________ you are perfect ____. (^o^)																																				Gabbie your an amazing person and let no one tell you otherwise																																				you are definitely my inspiration! I look up to you on these short of topics!!																																				Gabby you're so beautiful. Inside and out. I love you so much. This video changed my point of view on myself and I'm crying while watching this because I can relate. But thank you. Thank you so so much for opening my eyes.																																				You're so awesome Gab!____																																				Your Perfect Just the way u are and no one should judge U																																				I have the same problem now____																																				You are so beautiful in every way. don't lt anybody tell you different																																				I love this so much __																																				Gabby you are an amazing person and to see this vulnerable side of you just makes me have even more respect for you. You're a gem :) x																																				I love you gabbie!!!																																				Thanks Gabbie__ I'm so happy you made this video. Knowing that someone I look up to so dearly is going/has gone through the same stuff I'm going through makes me feel less alone. Thanks Gabs______																																				this video made me realize that i might actually have a eating disorder and that i need to stop and get help and be able to be comfortable in my own body thank you gabbie																																				"If you don't believe that someone would look at you and thinks ""WOW, her body is goals."" I'm here to tell you that I see your pictures on snapchat and Instagram and I have always been jealous of your body and wished I looked like you. You are seriously such an inspiration, especially with you're message; you're story!"																																				Elena Vanishing go read ir																																				I always thought you were beautiful gabbie. our imperfections are what make us beautiful and human																																				Gabbie I'm so sorry you dealt with this but I'm glad you're okay <3 <3																																				I know how you feel	 I'm currently going through an eating disorder																																			You're beautiful no matter what size or shape																																				I've struggled with an eating disorder too	 thank you for speaking up and sharing your story <3 I created my youtube channel to hopefully help anyone struggling with eating disorders because there are so little online resources!																																			#staystrong																																				For someone to share something so personal on the internet is surprising and inspirational.																																				Thank you so much. Thank you for putting yourself out there and being honest and vulnerable for your viewers. You are so genuine and strong. I have struggled with food/weight/my body for a long time now. I wasn't as self aware as I am now. I have body dismorphia and there was a point when I was so crazed on being on this restricted diet that I would literally feel so guilty about having one potato chip. I have skipped meals	 went a whole day without eating and 10pm ordered a bunch of shit and binged	 etc. Even though thisis a hard topic	 I'm happy you decided to talk about this because this is more common then you think. Especially with women. Ladies please do not starve yourselfs! I know it is so hard in a society with waist trainers and all these gorgeous fit women on social media. There are healthy steps you can take if you would like toreach a goal. Remember to love the body you are in now. No matter how much cellulite	 marks	 bruises	 stretch marks	 you have! You are beautiful in the skin you are now. Always remember that ladies. Thank you so much Gabbie. You are such a strong	 amazing and genuine woman.																												______																																				Gabbie... u don't need to change for anybody.. u are perfect just the way u are.. just because u don't think ur perfect somebody does... I wish I could be like u and have all these supporters and fans like u.. but I'm happy with my life... u should be happy with us.. u have a job.. u have a family.. u have a house... u have fans.. that's all that matters...																																				i do want the details																																				Is binge eating classed as a eating disorder																																				U r sooooooooo brave I love u ____																																				why do some people care if other people fat or not u shouldn't point out that they are fat cause for all u know is that they are suicidal for people calling them fat or ugly .... i can't believe there are people out in the world that hurt other people feelings to enjoy there life.... its just so rude and i wish human kind could stop that ..... i don't care if u fat 	 skinny ..... nothing .... i have almost everyone telling me why am i dating somone fat and i say : in my mind he is MY perfect guy becuz he is sweet and funny																																			________________________________________________________________________________																																				I'm recovering from an ED	 and your vids make me so happy! Love you so much																																			You are the most amazing person! You have helped me so much __																																				<3																																				if i see one of those fucking cultish comments about veganism seen as a hippie miracle i am gonna scream																																				Gabbie you're so brave u have all of my support and my respect. I just want to let you know that I love u so much and that I know u can get through this.																																				Okay	 so I was going to comment on your vlog before today. I don't know the number but you were working out with lizzza. And I didn't post it. I'm not a very social person	 and I've struggled with eating disorders as you have. I finally in the last year have come to admit it to myself and others. I was a binge eater. Eat like 2k in one sitting and then 2k over the course of the next week in guilt. Anyways	 I was going to comment and say how much healthier you look these last few months. I didn't want it to sound badly like you weren't always beautiful. And I regret not posting it. You're so brave for being vulnerable for the good of others.																																	Gabbie you are my idol	 I love you	 I respect and always will	you make my day.																																	by bad place I mean she's 17 and not in school she moved out of her mom's house and she is living with her boyfriend with no valuable education I called her and she forgot all about me she forgot I was her cousin																																				For the part when u talked about that lady calling u skinny	 I talked to my therapist about how I was fat and she said just wow 	 cuz In my mind your a tiny twig and I said really and she was like ya and then I went to the doctor and she said I was a heathly weight and I totally agree now that comparison is the devil and I can relate to what u said gab	 it's amazing that you put yourself out there like that and talked about something really difficult tysm and I love u and anyone who is reading this your absolutely beautiful and don't compare your self to the stick thin models because most of the time they are UN healthy !! __																																	"Calling someone ""fat"" is the same as calling someone a fingernail we all have it.. Duhh ya fingernail __"																																				______																																				Love you gabbie																																				"""Comparison is the root of all evil, and the destroyer of happiness"" BEST QUOTE EVER!!!!!!!!!!! And so true though, so true. Thank you, Gabbie."																																				gabbie you still have a fat.......ass get it big ass heh																																				Your bravery and strength inspires me. I relate to your story. I love your personality and videos even more __																																				____																																				"gabbie you are such a beautiful woman you are what i strive to be, a smart, talanted, beautiful girl you are in my eyes at least perfect you are so inspireing you in a way i feel are like my internet big sis you are just so amazing and thats why i and everyone else loves you. <3 we love you gabbie and thank you for being strong and amazing P.S. sorry about the oatmeal PTSD ;P"																																				THIS TOUCHED MY HEART.....<3																																				Didn't hep																																				I love This video so much	 I've been trying to lose weight but it's so hard and sometimes I want to just skip meals but I literally can't. I just eat and eat and it's so bad ):																																			ok but why did the outro make me emo and make me want to literally work out every single day im WHAT																																				But seriously even before I started watching gabbie, I would come across her vines and think, Wow! She's really gorgeous <3																																				We love you Gabbie	 stay strong	 you«re amazing <3																																		You are so brave and amazing. It is amazing that you could cope through something like that. You are a true inspiration and I hope that the people who were ever rude to you realize how stupid they were and see how confidence is more important than weight. You are a true inspiration and someone to look up too.																																				I have a couple of your videos on the watch later list	 so there right there	 I watch them a lot and this is going to be added I love you so much____																																		Aw	 Gab you're perfect no matter what. Stay strong <3																																			Too strong make up You're beautifull <3																																				u are thick and sexy af your body is just right!!																																				I think I just discovered something. after watching this I went through my normal meals that I eat. I only eat about 600 calories a day and I beat my self up about it. I can't stand to eat and feel back when I swallow. this video made me realize that I'm ok. I've always been bigger	 taller and wider than all my friends and they don't understand. I'm going to talk to my mom and get help. thank you so much for making me realize. much love____																																			Love you Thankyou for this xxx																																				love ya pls write back																																				You're so amazing! You're one of the people I see as a goal because you can stand in front of a camera and talk so fearlessly where I can't talk to my own family without wanting to cry my eyes out. I'm going to keep battling my anxiety and I hope you keep battling your demons as well. Love you :))																																				Gabbie	 You arent fat at all. You are actually perfect. You got curves. You have a perfect butt. And you are very beautiful. I always thought I am fat because I always compared me to my friends and all of them are skinny. But I got over that. Stay strong Gabby. I dont know if im spelling your name right but sorry. Lol. Love you so much. Stay beautiful. _________																																			you should do another video bout this journey																																				Gabbie I wish I could hug you through my phone																																				__																																				I really needed this video	 thank you Gabbie. <3																																			__________________________																																				"I find it good that people I look up to have to deal with these sorts of things, because I and so many people deal with this. It makes me feel like I am not alone. I've been dealing with this for years, since i was around 13 and i am now almost 22. I still go days without eating, and its hard when i have family members telling me that i am ""fat"" and then I go through days of just binge eating it and then hating myself for it. I am still trying to make myself not care about how much weight i can lose, but its an everyday battle. But thank you for making this video, its going to help me and so many others, and im happy that you are opening up to us."																																				Gabbie you should not have to go through this alone I love your personality and as long as I watch your videos I will never lose my confidence I love your support and I swear we are the same person I feel I am fat but my friends always call me fat to so I never get support from anyone but you so thanks for helping me __																																				When she said that people call her fat I immediately though of David Dobrik																																				Thank You! __																																				This is why I love you Gabbie. You are not afraid to put yourself out there and be vulnerable. I sent a fan mail and told you in my letter how I lost weight	 and now that I have	 I am terrified of gaining it back. Counting calories on everything has consumed my entire life. This video is 100% relatable and I'm glad you posted it because it has showed me that I am obsessed and it wasn't really pointed out until this video. Thank you!																																		You're such an inspiration Gabby	 you're so amazing! ____________																																			Been here since 100	000 and you are strong and I look up to you BTW I'm 13 so thank you	 you're literally my big sister ilysm __																																		I'd like to listen to your journey in depth ______																																				So much of your story sounds like my life.. thank you so much for sharing this <3<3<3																																				I've struggled with my weight and body image for years. In Junior high through high school I suffered from an eating disorder. I would starve myself for days on end. It took a huge toll on my physical, mental, and emotional wellbeing. That finally in my first year of college I said 'fuck it, I can't live like this anymore.' So I started to eat more, and just focus on things that actually mattered. I've gained about 5-10 pounds in the last three years because of it. I'm still considered skinny, and I guess you could consider me a naturally skinny person. But once in awhile, the thoughts will come into my head and be like 'don't eat that' or 'you're fat', so they never fully go away. I push on through, and can't let them stop me. It's all about confidence and finding your medium of self-acceptance. I don't think I found self-acceptance yet, but I can say I'm content with my body. :) Thanks for this video, Gabbie! You're amazing. :)																																				I had a struggle with eating disorder too	 and it came into an anorexia so i think the people that are struggling right now will be happy to watch this vid and it'll be very helpful for them so I'm glad that i have a YouTuber like you that is brave enough to express their thoughts and opinions about so many things and tell their own story. I love you Gabb so much and I am happy that I found you __																																			Who cares about your weight if you are fat then I'm batman ____																																				You are so strong Gabbie!!______																																				You're beautiful in every single way. <3																																				I think I know how you felt. I've been in worse places before. I've desperately wished I had the 'willpower' to have an eating disorder and just not eat or consume calories for a few days at a time. I don't know what my reality is weight wise because I know for a fact I'm big	 but I'm also physically healthy. I've been told that even if I could after a gastric surgery	 things wouldn't change for me unless I can get off my anti-depressants. It's the sickest cycle. I hate my body and have a history of depression so I take medication. But then the medication makes me fatter. I'm sure the reason no one told me about these side effects as a teenager was because in that place I wouldn't have seen them as beneficial. Now I'm still not happy with my weight	 but I can feel happy and beautiful. I figure I'd rather be fat and happy than depressed. I'd rather be fat than dead.																																	never change																																				You're body is beautiful Gabbie! ______																																				You go girl! Listen to your heart!__ You are a beautiful and a very respectful person indeed! Keep up the goo work! CONFIDENCE																																				"cabbie u brave kind and the most COOLIEST person I no u inspired me to make my YouTube channel""Makenna Getz"""																																				Dear Gabbie I have been dealing with weight my whole life!! Ups N downs loosing and gaining!! I would like to hear a whole story on this.. I think a lot of girls can relate and it would help them!! I think your absolutely beautiful and I love you for you!! Id love to be smaller but I have polycyistic ovarian syndrome and it makes it hard for me to keep my weight down or up!! I eat right then have days where I can't stop eating!! Its hard!! You have brought so much hope into my life that I can do this I can be strong I can feel beautiful and I can feel wanted!! Gabbie your beautiful your body is amazing!! Your personality is so awesome and kind and welcoming that I can't help but watch your videos over when I'm sad!! I love you and Im praying for you to remain strong like you always have!! Much love from your Indiana Fan Named Amora!! P.S. Always keep that beautiful amazing smile on your face.. I love love love love youuuu!! ________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________ #SPREADLOVENOTHATE																																				ilu																																				Your channel is so cringeworthy .																																				Love you	 you're really the best!!																																			She is literally fucking goals ______________																																				we love you gabbie. you're so strong and brave. you're beautiful no matter what. never give up	 gab. you're amazing.																																			This is so brave to come out with and a lot of people deal with this disorder so you have a lot of support all around you.																																				Dear Gabbie, Please date Shannon, ThankYou Love everyone.																																				Gabbie I loved and respected you before I saw this video and now I can't put into words just how much more that has risen and to admit to an eating disorder in this way takes a lot of courage	 I have a problem with comfort eating and meeting people like you gives me hope that i can beat my own demons.																																			I'm currently going through the same thing.. Wow I didn't think anyone did this either.. It's like you took the words out of my mind. Never would've thought I had an eating disorder..																																				When Tana	 Jessiivee	 and the gabbie show post a awesome video in the same day																																		Gabbie	 you look great. You are amazing and beautiful woman! You are an inspiration to me. I love you. We all love you. Keep up the great work																																			You are so brave and such an inspiration to so many people. You are truly beautiful and I'm sure this video helped many. We all love you so much	 and I love watching your videos. love you Gabbie __																																			Love ya Gabbie <3																																				Well said Gabbie	 I too have battled with anxiety and eds. You have such a powerful voice and a platform to share such a difficult topic	 that is so prevalent in our society today. I am very proud of you	 you are beautiful inside & out. Stay strong __																																	If your reading this you are beautiful in each and every way you don't have change for someone else! If you want to change do it for yourself not for someone else you are beautiful have an amazing day!____																																				Why would someone spend time to tell someone else that they're ugly? Aren't we all beautiful as a species? No matter what you look like, you are gorgeous .......and the mean butt heads that call people names can all burn in hell.																																				Love you Gabbie __																																				Gabbie this helped me so much. Thank You __																																				This deserves endless amount of likes. Love you gabbie. You are beautiful and learned a lot from you :)																																				Stay strong Gabbie. I have went through this. I'm glad that your getting through this too																																				I LOVE YOU SO MUCH YOURE PERFECT																																				Gabbie thank you__ all I want to say Is thank you ur making me happy and u always will																																				Thanks for sharing. I sorta just realised I had a binge eating ED recently and it was sort of the same as your realisation.. wait! what!? haha. I just didnt think it was a problem until it was, like most hurdles in life. anywayyy i just wanted to say i am proud and appreciative of you sharing your story. Its refreshing to see a video like this. I wish you nothing but smooth sailing and health from here on out. Keep at it on the healthy train and journey of self acceptance. Its hard but you got this. love ya. __																																				did she have bulimia? or anorexia?																																				I'm proud that you came out and talked about this	 I know it can be hard talking about it and it's amazing that you talked to us about this. __ I love you gabbie and I look up to you because I struggle with anxiety and depression and eating disorders and it amazing to have someone who can talk about it and help me get through the it. You're an amazing person and my favorite youtuber because you truly care about your fans and you help them with their needs too. I hope you see this comment	 and know that you help me and I'm pretty sure millions of other people. You use your voice for good reasons. You are beautiful inside and out. I'm so proud of you __ #teamunderdogs																																		Awwwww gabbie I'm here for you																																				You're on the right track :) good job focusing on your health and strength vs focusing on your weight. you look great																																				#StayStrongGabbie we all believe in you, you can do this! I have depression, and this helped me even. You are a voice to me, and lots of other people. Thank you.																																				you are an inspiring and amazing person! stay strong and be as brave all the time as you are now. whatever happens be sure that we are all with you to support every choice you make and every step you take.																																				Say phone 3 times spin around comment this on another vid and look under ur pillow																																				Omg gabbbie this made me cry __ I used to starve myself and and it gave me more anxiety and i couldn't eat anymore in the morning cause if i did i would throw it up	 then my anxiety got reallly bad that i would throw up every morning cause i would worry about a lot of crap and i would just feel so miserable and I know how you feel cause i always looked at myself as fat but people are always telling me in skinny but then im like no im not	 i keep on telling myself i look good but then it makes me feel even worse cause it makes me feel like im selfish. But my guidance counselor told me to look in the mirror and compliment myself three times a day saying HOW GOOD I LOOKED I TRIED AND I TRIED AND IM GETTING BETTER __ AND BTW I LOVE YOU GABBIE YOUR MY INSPIRATION____ __																																		I dont think I ever saw such a good like to dislike ratio	 nice work Gabbs!																																			I'm really sorry you have to read all these mean comments! You look really great and I would NEVER think of you as fat!																																				I also love the song at the end																																				You are ausome and gorgeous u are actual goals for so many people Lysm gabbie ________																																				You should do a draw my life when you reach 2	0	000 subscribers																																		Idek why ppl hate you 	 your beautiful and funny ____																																			I kinda wanna kill people who makes fun of your weight.																																				Thais video must have been really hard to do	 and it your video has helped me so much today	 I also suffer from eating disorders	 and u really open my eyes	 so thank you gabby																																Hey gabbie	 ive been a fan for a few months probably a year by now	 and i have a similar problem	 except i eat a lot of junkfood	 and then i instantly regret it	 i still snack throughout the day	 and make atleast one big meal	 and ive honestly been feeling so bad about the way ive been eating	 a lot of bad happens in my house and thats how i coup(?) with things. i just eat junk	 or i take some of my sisters change and walk a couple miles to a conveneint store and get junk if none is at my house. i dont know whats wrong with me. i quit smoking also	 about a year ago	 and now my food is now replacing how i would also act for a cigarette. i hope i get over this soon and work out to feel confortable. youre a really big insperation to me.																									Thank you Gabbie!!! You inspire me!! __																																				Gabbie for president 2020!!																																				This made me cry__ it helps bc I have it too																																				Y is their so many hate comments about this video	 u twisted people																																			"I can relate to you I almost died because of my anorexia 2 times but I'm good now the one thing I learned is that it's ok to be ""fat"" society always says that being fat is REALLY bad but it's just a body type and its beautiful like any other body type"																																				gabbie you've always looked gorgeous don't let any tell you otherwise																																				Thank you so much for making this video.																																				Gabbie I fucking love you!																																				you go girl! so proud of you Gabbie ______																																				"Gabbie I was playing a game were I picked someone for the game to guess. I pick u. The last question it asked was is you character fat. I said no. I told my mom and showed her the photo of u. She then said ""that girl looks beautiful. She is not fat."" __ I love your videos! Please never stop!"																																				Thank you for making this video! I love you so much and you sure made me look at myself in a better way! Stay strong Gabbie	 and i want you to know that no matter what I support you! Love you__																																			thank you so much	 this video saved my life ily gabbie																																			I have been struggling with an eating disorder since I was 14	 I fell into Anorexia from that age	 I'll be 22 in 4 months and still struggle with it. My Nan called me fat all throughout my teenage life. I was under 3 stone just a year and a half ago. Now that I have met my boyfriend who is also a former anorexic I have been made to feel better about myself not just about my body but also my mental health too.. I'm much happier with myself now.																																		So your trainer never said anything or asked anything about your eating habbits? If he/she didn't he/she really sucks. Nutrient or calorie deficiency can damage your organs! (If you think there is something wrong with your eating go to a doctor)																																				OMG this was so helpful to me I struggle with body image myself and this helped soooo much thank you so much!																																				Thanks for this video Gabbie! Love you	 you are beautiful <3																																			ahhh I love you so much	 and I love you for doing this <3 I'm pretty sure I suffered through an eating disorder but nobody inspected my eating habits closely enough to be able to tell so I didn't know at the time. I didn't have an eye opening moment. Multiple things helped me	 and I firmly believe that if I could have watched this video a few years ago	 it would've helped me a lot. Thank you x																																	omg this makes me love gabbie more ... i love her so much																																				This video came on the best day	 thank you <3																																			Gabbie i have had an eating disorder before it sucks																																				Thank you	 Gabbie. You're wonderful. <3<3<3																																			So proud of you __																																				You`re so brave Gabbie <3. You are beautiful and your body has always been my goal. Stay strong	 ily <3																																			I have a eating disorder and I don't know what to do :( because I don't eat meat or vegetables and haven't been eating as much as I should and I really need help! if someone else can relate to this please give me some advice	 thank you _																																			i dont have a eating disorder	 but this hit me really hard bc im constantly compare my body to everyone. thank you for reminding me on why i started going to the gym. _ your amazing gabbie never let anyone tell you different.																																			@ the gabbie show thank you for sharing this																																				i have one to because my dad left my mom and i was eating wean i got sad and thought about him and because of it im overweight now and i get bullied because of it																																				Its tur ethat you dont realyse. I lost 18 pounds in 4 months and I didnt notice. But It«s true	 it«s not about numbers it«s about confidence!																																			Awww ily bb!!!__																																				GABBIE OKKK SO 1. YOU ARE SO BRAVE 2. THANK YOU THIS REAALLYY HELPED 3. YOU SHOULD GO VEGAN (OR AT LEAST LOOK INTO IT) ____																																				yes that is some good advice i eat my feelings alot and im working on it at present :)																																				That was beautiful. Thank you so much for saying this <3																																				WE LOVE YOU GABBIE__________________________																																				Just now when i was walking home i cried all the way up till home about my body and how I'm worthless :(																																				Love you	 Gabbie no matter what! Stay strong	 we're with you! Your fans will always stay with you. ____																																		I love you Gabbie !!! <3																																				I think your incredibly beautiful Gabbie! You are who you are and there is no changing that! who would want too? Your Awesome!!!!																																				__																																				Wow this just comes to show that you really don't know what demons a person is fighting with. I always thought and still think of you as a beautiful person	 inside and out. I'm so glad you posted this just know that we are here for you and that we will always support you! I love you so much Gabbie 	 stay strong ____																																		I love her so FKN much.______																																				Thank you sooooooooooooooooooooo much Gabbie fo this video. Because I've struggled with comparison of myself to other's! And seeing you on your Snaps working out and just having a good time made me realize that I'm OK! I've been working out for a few months now and I	 and others	 have noticed a big change in my attitude	 mindset and body. So thank you so very much for being such an inspiration! I love you so much and I'm truly thankfulfor you! #TeamUnderdogs #TeamNoComparison #Confident																																	If it makes you feel better	 the people who try to bring down their own will have more tears on their soggy pillow at the end of the day. we all need help Gabb.																																			This video helped me a lot because for a long time I thought I was fat or overweight	even though I was told I wasn't. It helped me realize that I am perfect and all that matters is that I stay healthy. Thank-you Gabbie	 stay strong________																																		please do a more in depth video :)																																				Your my favorite!!!!!! __																																				You go girl	 so inspirational________																																			It is awesome you posted this video because so many look up to you. You can be someone's inspiration and save someone suffering from the same thing. Much respect to you!!!																																				please do a more in depth video :)																																				We want to know more!!!!																																				I definitely want to hear more details about this. we love you Gabbie____																																				omg I love your videos																																				____________________________________________________ I love you ____________________________________________________																																				Wait do ppl say that gabbie is fat cuz like if she's fat then what am I?																																				Love you gab!!!!! You are so strong and just wanted to let you know that we all love you and are here for you and supporting you endlessly ______																																				Thank you for this Gabbie! I struggle with a lot of body issues, insecurities, and this leads to social anxiety. This video kind of helped me to look at my life and see how these effected how I live my life. I love you and respect you so much for this! Sending you my love! __ - a young teen girl struggling with her self image.																																				I cant fucking believe that you posted this today	 i have been dealing with anxiety and eating orders for a while now	 and i used to self harm	 too. Somehow	 every single problem or bad thing that happened to me was related to my weight. This year things kind of got better for me	 but today	 i felt ugly as fuck. I havent felt like this in a while	 and suddlenly	 you post this. I admire you so much for everything you do	 and i truly see you as a hero and a role model	 i cant believe how true you are to yourself and to us	 and i hope you know how much you help people like me with this kind of videos. Thank you for making me feel less alone	 and for making me feel like you are part of my family too. Hope you are doing well	 Gabbs. Xoxo from Argentina __________________																							I love you	 and you helped me so much. Thank you.__																																			But I still can't eat that well I know how it feels and this helped me thanks!																																				Gabbie your so beautiful no matter what.If you have a eating disorder it won't watter																																				snapchat fam! love you gabbie	 youre an inspiration																																			Thank you for sharing. I'm going through a struggle with my weight right now and this really helps. Love you gab																																				gabbie ur body is very beautiful :-)																																				__________																																				ur so brave gabbie																																				omg Gabbie thank you so much! you literally made me cry because how you felt is exactly how i feel right now! i Know i need help but idk who to talk to about it i really need someone... someone who knows how it feels....																																				You're my goal too look like you and have the confidence you do																																				Love this video!!!! _																																				you go gabbie! I love you!																																				This is so inspiring __ thank you Gabbie																																				Gabbie you're not fat	 you're beautiful and we (your subscribers) love you.																																			My brother always calls me fat and he caused me to have an eating disorder that I can't stop																																				This was incredible and took courage to put this out. I also deal with self esteem issues. Keep up the good work. Hugs Gabbie																																				______																																				You're a very brave girl to be be willing to share something like this	 and I love you for that. Not everyone has that courage	 and I hope you continue to inspire others to find it. __																																		Gabbie	 you are so beautiful! How dare anyone call you that! I love you so much!! You always make me smile!! And when I get a notification saying you post something I smile cause you are so funny and relatable! Keep doing what you're doing!																																			Thank you Gabbie. This really helps. I love you so much. This helps so much because I know for a fact that just one person calling you fat or stupid or ugly can destroy you. But now I also know that by just one person complimenting you	 or a random stranger calling you beautiful can change your life. This helps support me and the way I feel about myself and my body so much	 I'm grateful you posted this. Thank you. And you are an amazing	 beautiful	 funny person just the way you are and I will always love you for who you are as a person	 not juts by your looks. Although you are very beautiful :*I love you Gabbie and thank you again for this video																															More depth !																																				I really needed and loved this video for many reasons! I can relate so much to Gabbie as my weight is the first thing I think about and the last thing I worry about before i go to sleep	 the sad thing is I'm only 13! My friends and school mates are all very slim and I have been comparing myself to them for years but this video has made me realize to just learn to love my body the way it is and to focus on being healthy like you said! You are such an inspiration to me Gabbie	 thank you so much xx																																		awe Gabby :( <3 luv you gurl!																																				___ I'm going through difficult stuff myself right now	 thank you	 Gabbie																																		+TheGabbieShow wow thank you soo so much for making this. I actually just got an eating disorder and I'm only 13. I could eat food more than an adult male	 but stay the same weight. I started thinking like wow you need to stop you're gonna be far. And now I don't eat at all. every time I look in the mirror I look fat even tho I'm skinny. this video really helped me stop looking at myself this way. Thank you so much gabbie I love you__																																			______________																																				thank you your one of the only youtubers that i watch that i can kinda sorta relate to and this video really hit home and i love you <33																																				You are the inspiration for me and many other people. I love you so much and thank you for being amazing__																																				you go gabbie you came your disorder																																				When she said: everyone has told me I'm fat (Wink, wink David____)																																				how were you okay with david and your friends and you always making fun of you for your weight?																																				Woah this video made me emotional..love you gabbie __																																				love you gabbie !																																				your so brave ______																																				Gabbie, ilysm you are so brave to include us in this hard situation In your life._ I'm 12 and ever since I was 8/9 I've felt the exact same as you've described. I constantly think I'm fat.. And trying to skip meals and not eat. Trying to exercise but because of one of my illnesses it's quite difficult. I do have anxiety too. And I do go to counselling but I would think it's embarrassing at my age to think how I do. So I wouldn't tell anyone.. Could anyone give me some advice? I would be so grateful. Thank you xx																																				______																																				I LOVE YOU GABBIE																																				As someone who has suffered from an eating disorder	 thank you. I can tell that this was very difficult for you to talk about. You are so beautiful and curvy! You are now healthy	 and amazing. Focus on you and making others and yourself happy. (I want your body.)																																		Inspirational. Thank you you're amazing.																																				Omg Gabbie you made me love you more than I ever have! Thank you__I freaking love you!																																				I'm really proud of you for posting this	 you have no idea how many people you have touched/inspired by doing this																																			<3																																				Gabbieeeeeeee	 you are such a strong woman I am so proud of you for posting this. It takes so much bravery and courage and you have both of those things. You are so many peoples role models including mine for the most amazing reasons. Please stay strong	 us showstoppers are behind you 100%______																																		go more in depth if you're comfortable with it but if you're not that's okay I am so proud of you for making this video and having the courage to tell people this!! we're always here for you Gab!!!																																				Why 23 dislikes she's sharing her story to help some people who have a eating disorder																																				I'm 11 and almost 115 pounds and my friends call me fat. My dad says he was like me all his childhood. My dad isn't that big. So I am running	 and trying to eat healthier. I have a lot of anxiety.																																			I hope you get over it cause I love u gabbie ur so awesome																																				this is why I love you and your videos Gabbie. You're a real youtuber who's not afraid to admit their flaws so that they can help more people love themselves and inspire them. You are beautiful Gabbie. Stay real and stay strong. <3 <3 <3 <3																																				Gabbie	 you are beautiful you don't need to lose ANY weight. You are my role model and I seriously want to be you. I love you and keep doing what you're doing.__																																			Wow Gabbie that was so cool that you made that I have always been so insecure though like for real because I am 13 and weigh like 102 lbs but all my friends are so tiny and I play basketball	 soccer	 and I run cross country but I always look the same but this really inspired me to start not focusing on my looks and instead on my health																																		thank you thank you thank you for this. I've been in recovery from my bulimia for four years	 and hearing stories like yours reminds me that my decision is worth it.																																			This really helped me																																				this video doesn't deserve any dislikes																																				Gabbie I know how you feel. I still struggle with a eating disorder. stay strong girl!!! I love you!!!																																				please please pleas a more in depth video I love you soooo very much xo																																				She is so beautiful and a wonderful role model __																																				I love you so much Gabbie and you're beautiful no matter what__																																				________________ I love you Gabbie ____																																				stay strong gabbie luv u																																				I love you Gabbie your beautiful																																				WOW dis is soo deep																																				Thank you so much gabbie	 i love you x																																			this was dumb. Unsubscribed																																				If you could plz make a video talking about this in a deeper way I would really appreciate it bc it would help me as well and help me get through this.																																				"I had a simular moment to the pool moment with you and that lady. It was in grade school and one day the school was giving out free sodas for lunch. And I got a diet coke (just bc I love diet coke). And my VERY skinny friend said,""I've never seen a skinny person drink a diet coke."" And for the rest of the day I realized that there's people who would want my body type and would want to be as ""skinny"" is I was. Lesson learned__"																																				"this really hit me hard Gabbie. I'm literally crying, bc I pretty much have the same problem as you did, and now that I'm seeing this, maybe-just maybe- I am someones goal too, I'm going to keep trying and working towards a goal, but now I can set the bar a bit lower because I know it's okay to be ''bigger"" because my weight now, might bw someones weight goal. thanks so much Gabbie, Ilysm and I can't believe how much you've inspired me to be who I am and who I want to become. you are totally my role model, and my idol and I know you've kind of said not to try to be someone, but I don't wanna be you, I wanna be like you. I want to help people and I want to make people smile and laugh and take worries and/or problems away. Thanks for being the person I look up to most __________"																																				Yes please make a more in depth video																																				Hi. Gabbie I have suffered with eating disorders (two of them) for 7 years now and Im only 14. I found this so inspirational and I wish so much I could be just even a tiny bit as confident as you. You are amazing and I love you xx																																				Thank you so much for sharing	 Gabbie ! We all love you. Truly. ____																																			Omg I think I might have your eating disorder but I took allergy medicine and I could eat!!																																				__________ hugs for you!!!!																																				This was so inspirational																																				Thank you Gabbie for this message this will help me a lot__																																				can u pls do a detailed video? love you																																				I have an eating disorder right now __ it's hard to just pick up where you left off! I don't have a specific one but i know it doesn't define me and that but trying to get better eventually I will																																				So inspirational. This made me cry. This is why I love Gabbie so much __																																				love you __																																				Aw gabbie love you ____																																				gabbie	 thank-you. you have taught me many things including the fact that I can be someone who I want to be. I'm a chunky girl and I do cry endless hours. fuck the assholes who call you fat. you work hard and I want you to stay strong. i have an eating disorder	 I love eating and I was really self conscious when started the six grade year and they called me ugly and hippo and fat and like food I clung unto your videos because your goals	 your a strong	 beautiful human being and I know.i love swimming and I've grown up eating healthy but I just can't loose weight. I'm 116 pounds and I'm 12. I'm also a chunky girl but I'm strong. thank-you gabbie.i love you and I hope your leg gets better.																																just be careful with your addictive personality and your eating disorder a lot of people who have Eating Disorders get addicted to working out and it's just shaving one addiction off and gaining another. you're beautiful the way you are and it's good that you're healthy and working out but just don't take it to an unhealthy level.																																				i developed an eating disorder in college...my whole life i was always the skinniest girl in the room. i was always a size 0...then college stress hit and i gained 10 pounds (it doesnt sound like a lot but i have a small frame)...my clothes didnt fit the same...and i started obsessing about looking skinny...i started wearing baggy clothes when i'd always loved form-fitting clothes...i started counting calories and went running daily...well it worked...i got down to below my high school weight...but it didnt stay..i got depressed	 stopped working out	 and then gained it all back and then some. i'm 30 now and i havent worked out regularly in 3 years...the gym is a 10min drive from my house and i just cant seem to get there...																																		I want you to know, that I have genuin always thought you were really beautiful! (believe it or not, and take it for what's worth, but I think you are). To be a little real as well, I have also struggled with eating, and thank you for sharing this. Really good work!																																				Your amazing such an inspirational person thank you so much gabbie your so brave																																				I love that she calls us the underdogs __																																				This video is inspirational thank you GABBIE!!!!____________																																				thank you soo soooo much. ______																																				hey gabbie i love you so much your videos and vlogs make me so happy stay strong ur videos are amazing love u and smile :) from ur biggest underdog lmao love u																																				"Thank you so so so much for uploading this. I've had eating disorders since I can remember, but this winter it got bad. It really hit me that I had a problem one day when I was at my grandma's and she said ""why are you drinking so much water?"" She told me about her friend's daughter who went to impatient and how she didn't want me going down the same road. It was weird because I thought I was being healthy. When my mom would tell me how skinny I looked, I thought I was doing something right. But I saw how concerned they were and I had never seen that before. I started trying to recover, and I'm definitely doing better than I was. I am not 100% better, I don't think anyone ever is. I still have the same thoughts, I just deal with them in a different way. I don't know how to end this, but thanks for reading and I hope all of you stay strong."																																				thank you for being so open with us __ i love you.																																				Love you																																				really don't understand how someone could dislike this video. love you gabbie!!! ______																																				If it's not too much trouble I would like to know more about you Gabbie. I like to know the behind the scenes of the people who I've come to adore and appreciate. You are an inspiration to a lot of people including me and it doesn't matter what others say you are truly beautiful inside and out. We all support you. Don't ever forget that we are here to help with whatever you need. Stay strong beautiful ______																																				Thanks for this video Gabbie! I really needed this. I am and have been for years struggling with body image issues. I see my self as this over weight girl and I feel like everyone agrees. Even though I lost 40 pounds I can't seem to shake that image of my self being so overweight. I feel everyone still sees my that way. I'm very obsessed with watching what I eat every minute of the day	 it's kind of stressful. But I'm starting to go to the gym and learn how to eat good meals. I love you so much Gabbie and it's great to hear I'm not alone	 especially from one of my role models. Stay strong girl! __																																		WOW... I am so glad that I clicked on this video! this was so inspirational and heartwarming! you are so beautiful Gabbie! don't let anyone tell you otherwise! _______																																				We all love you Gabs_																																				cause words won't do.... xoxoxoxo ____																																				This is such a beautiful video. You're sooo strong gab__																																				awwww Gabbie thank you I really needed that. we all think (and know) that you are beautiful inside and out__																																				Wow	 I never imagined Gabbie having an eating disorder. Never the less	 we love you Gabbie__																																		aww gabster ily _																																				That changed how i look on a lot of things thank you and stay strong __																																				it is amazing coming out and talking about this..																																				i suffered with multiple eating disorders also! thank you for making a video putting yourself and your story out there into the world. it means so much to me. This video helped me. Thank you so much i love you! <3																																				You're such arole model for a lot of people	 including myself. You're an amazing being. I had the same problem as you did for a very long time	 and wasn't able to get over it. But after watching this video	 I'm gonna try my best at it. Thank you for everything. Peace __																																	"During school this last year I would eat the same exact things everyday, and one day my mom said something like, ""why don't you eat something"" so I counted my calories and I was/still possibly am eating only 800 calories a day"																																				i like eating																																				god. I'm so proud of you. you have duh a huge platform and you're going to help so many people. love you.																																				YOUVE GAINED 20 SUBSCRIBERS SINCE THIS MORNING! better than gaining weight ____ stay strong Gab - Lyl __																																				im so glad that u decided to tell us. this shows that you're more comfortable around us																																				"I wish I had seen this sooner. (sorry I was marathoning your videos last night and didn't wake up till now) but when I saw this I went ""nooo my baby!!!!!!"" <3 you look amazing for having gone through such a hard time. (btw I don't mean beauty but mentality. you are amazing! also you look beautiful but that doesn't really matter unless it makes you feel better.)"																																				I love you Gabbie! I lobe your videos and your beautiful personality. You make me laugh really hard and also happy when I'm not really feeling it. I used to struggle with an eating disorder along with depression and anxiety AND some sleep deprivation. But I got through it. And so can you. You have SO many people that love you and your videos and your such an inspiration. Just keep holding on and being you. Be strong	 love!___																																			love you forever you really dont have to change anything with us																																				:(...love you gab																																				This was so fucking inspirational	 thank you Gabbie for sharing this was us. We love you and we will always support you!____																																			I love this video so much__ proud of you																																				yes gabbie we want a more in depth story___																																				im a stress eater. so i started gaining muscle to help me with it...weight training is a therapy but u look great...anyways																																				this really helped thanks for sharing__																																				everybody is different some of us are fat	 some of us are skinny	some of us have small boobs	some of us has big boobs	 everyone is different and we have to learn to love ourselves like we were born._____																																My girlfriend got eating disorder too	 it is anorexia.																																			I feel like I may be going through something similar. I've recently been turned of food and it's not because I think I'm fat or that I'm to lazy I just don't like eating food. There's some days where it would get to like 9pm and I'd realise that I haven't ate anything yet. I've been trying to get better at eating but I'm just turned of everything. I want to change this and get better again but I don't know where to start.																																				_______																																				whoa it's made me realise so much more																																				I love you gabbie____																																				I love you Gabbie and you're extremely beautiful. For awhile I would not eat	 it got to the point where you could see my ribs. I too had the thought in my head that I was fat when I really wasn't. I eventually got over it and started eating again. I learned to except my weight and that I am beautiful no matter what. This video was really great	 Gabbie. It shows that though we see other people as beautiful	 they think that they're not beautiful. Stay Strong	 Gabbie. __																																Does anyone Know Gabbies p.o box																																				you are an inspiration to us all that were ever your past came from everything happens for a reason even if there dumb reasons. ILY gabbie also I was so scared you were going to cry don't ever cry	 you'll make me cry																																			"""Your before photo, might be somebody's goal photo"" that really hit me deep. And it seriously brought tears to my eyes. I am so grateful for this video. You're beautiful Gabbie. Thank you for telling us. You're amazing.______"																																				I love you Gabbie __																																				awww gab																																				Gabbie	 please be a motivational speaker! ____																																			Can you do a more in depth video about it	 I'd love that! ____																																			Gabbie do you play soccer? Cause hon you are GOALS__ (taken from Alx James)																																				Stay strong.																																				I would love to know more about your journey. You're beautiful and perfect the way you are Gabbie! And sometimes telling your story can help you more than anything else will. Post a video about your journey	 we'd all love to know more about you and be here to support you in any way we can(: I love you ____																																			Gabbie you're strong	 young	 and beautiful! Your words touch my heart and feel so relatable	 keep on inspiring. If I had the chance to meet you	 I'd treat you better than a Disney princess	 because you deserve that and more.																															This really touched my heart Gabbie	 you are amazing and a amazing role model. You are a true inspiration to me and I'm sure so many other people	 keep being yourself and thank you for slaying me feed	 love you__																																	stay strong gabs	 we all love you																																			thank you so much Gabbie!! you helped making me think of myself a little better. especially the part where you said your before photo may be someone else's goal photo. I've been struggling lots with staying an average weight. I always end up gaining weight again after I've gotten to my goal. it makes me feel better I'm not alone																																				we love you gabbie!!																																				This was an amazing video Gabbie! I struggle with my confidence and self esteem so much and I always compare myself to others. You really helped me out today. I love you so much!<3																																				That hard that hurts																																				gab	 you're so beautiful and skinny but even if you weren't it doesn't matter. you're amazing I love you __																																			I'm struggling with an eating disorder and honestly this has helped me and encouraged me to keep going and not give up so thank you xxx																																				I track my cals I will only eat once a day I will barely have up to 300 cals but I hate eating I hate feeling full. I struggle with self harm so im very aware of my body bc I hate it																																				"Wow, Gab. You actually made me cry. I also struggled with an eating disorder for a large part of my teenage years. I remember looking at the scale every morning and saying to myself ""it's not good enough"". I would struggle against my friends and family when they would see I was refusing to eat and justifying it with saying I wasn't hungry. I never told anyone, not even my best friends. You are so brave to be able to tell everyone about your struggles. Please, through all of your obstacles with this and everything else, remember that you are beautiful. If you were to gain two hundred pounds tomorrow you would still be beautiful. If you got into a terrible accident and disfigured your face, you would still be beautiful. Be strong and eat that piece of cake every so often. You're worth it :)"																																				Stay strong Gabbie __ ily																																				Welcome to the Gabbie Show. Where she's more inspirational than Shia LeBoeuf.ÊMuch loveÊGabbie!																																				I have been struggling with my diet	 especially after I lost a significant amount of weight. I love food but the idea of gaining all my weight makes me lose my mind. My trainer and I always plan my meals and I always have to keep that fear away.																																			Gabs, I love you, but I got halfway through this video and I had to click out. I don't know why. I started crying and shaking. I seriously have no clue why. You're great, but please start posting story times. People, if you hate on this comment, you aren't getting anywhere in life and I will not respond. K thanks.																																				love u gabbie __																																				gabbie	 please never feel ashamed about your beautiful body. since i was 11 i started getting really big thighs and i was really insecure about it	 because everyone would say im fat. until i discovered your channel a few months ago	 i couldn't even wear shorts without worrying that people would judge me. you helped me realise that it really doesn't matter what someone looks like	 it matters how they treat others and who they are inside. all i wanna say is	 gabbie you're so beautiful	 please don't worry about your body	 because you showed me that i don't need to worry about mine. you're my inspiration <3																													Wow gabbie 	I'm so proud of you because u worked so hard on to get on your goals. Stay strong girl																																			thank you so much for this video gabbie this made my day i love you and will forever support you no matter what remember we are beautiful just the way we are we might question it sometimes but you already know the answer so the next time you look and the mirror just know you are damn fine the way you are God bless have a amazing day everyone																																				This video just changed my whole Perspective of how I am.I am still young.And bring myself down about I'm fat.And this video changed my life for the better thanks Gabbie! :)																																				Thank you for this	 Gabbie. You have no idea how many people you've reached and helped with this video. We would love to see the in-depth version because there are so many females	 especially ones like my 15 year old niece	 who have to deal with the bullying just because she isn't a stick or bony. We love you so much. Stay strong. <3																																	this hit me hard gabbie. i love you																																				So Much respect i wish i was like you !																																				I'm losing weight and eating healthy because I want to. and I know I'm fat but it's fine because I'm working on it. so stay strong Gabbie we are here to support you <3																																				Gabbie your body is perfect and your body is normal your not skinny or fat																																				A couple years ago when I would eat I would just chew the food and spit it out and didn't even realize what it was and I just thought I was sick. I remember one day I was eating dinner with my family and my grandpa was actually basically making fun of me for not eating. And it was almost as if I thought I wasn't starving because I would taste it by chewing it then immediately spitting it out. Another time at a family dinner my family realized I kept spitting it out so I would pretend that nothing was wrong by going to the bathroom like 10 times at dinner just to spit the food out trying not to get caught. Overall	 I haven't shared this with anyone and thought this would be the perfect opportunity to put it out there somehow. Much love to you Gab.____																																			i love you and your beautiful soul. stay strong <3																																				if someone here thinks they are fat your not fat your fluffy :D																																				I think this video will really help people with body issues and eating disorders so it's really cool that you took the time to tell people about your story ______																																				Hey... you look nice whoever is reading this comment																																				I love you so much Gabbie. Thank you for being so honest with us ________																																				Gabbie is such a strong	 funny	 prefect girl	 I love her so much	 and this story has helped me. thank you Gabbie_																																WHY AM I CRYING																																				I have an eating disorder too. And since I ate too much junk food I got acne at 9 years old but now I stopped binge eating. My skins gotten better and I've lost a couple pounds. Atleast I know that I not alone. :) love you Gabbie																																				Sooo earlyyy																																				We love you!__																																				I wanna know																																				Long ass neck																																				Gabi I love you so much you are SO beautiful!!!___ never think any different please_																																				hi i am neofyto and i am a small youtuber if anyone can watch my videos and if they can subscribe i will really appreciate it!!!																																				I'm not sure if I have a eating disorder or not but sometimes I would eat way too much and sometimes I wouldn't eat at all. But your video really helped me.																																				I love hearing your story's no matter if they are funny or about your self being	 keep it up __																																			GABBIE YOU ARE GORGEOUS AND PERFECT DON'T FORGET IT______																																				I've struggle with one for 4 years and I'm only 14.. Ugh.. I hate it so much but I can't stop																																				AWWW good job Gabbie. ________																																				______ stay strong gabbie we luv you																																				Dang.......																																				My dad died a day ago and I told him I had a eating disorders and I wasn't eating he told me to eat his food he needed cause he wanted to die I was so scared and I told him no he was so mad but couldn't do it and he died the next day I'm so scared I don't know what to do??__																																				Hey Gabbie! You're perfect, because you're you. And that's all you have to be!!!																																				This is amazing Gabbie! I'm so happy I watched this video! Thank you so much for sharing this video! You are such an inspiration! Stay strong and I love you__																																				"@The Gabbie Show, I have an eating disorder, and im 12, and It also got to the point that I couldnt swallow food, and it happend more than once, people bully me, calling me ""FATTY"" and i try to loose weight, but its NEVER WORKS!__ I know how you feel..."																																				it's okay gabbie we love you no matter ehat																																				stay strong. thank you Gabbie!																																				Loved this. Gabbie you are beautiful																																				"We all love you Gabbie ____ also, when you said ""goldfish"" I legit thought you ate the animal ____"																																				Thank you for this. Seriously	 thank you.																																			I have an eating disorder too. I eat far too much ____. But no seriously	 Gabbie I love you	 just the way you are and I think you're really beautiful. I've been here since before you even had a YouTube account	 and I will be here until you (Lord forbid) stop you're YouTube account. And you're my inspiration. If you're by any chance reading this	 I love you and even though I've never met you you're my favorite Social Media person. Is that weird? It probably is lol gtg																																Literally love you	 this video was much needed so thank you for making it. I have been having struggle with my body since for ever lol never had a eating disorder but I have never been confident enough. Probably as you said	 I am still gonna have struggle after this video but it was really helpful! Love you gabbie and u're perfect!																																		I LOVE YOU SO MUCH GABBIE_______																																				This made me cry	 love you girl																																			Goddamnityouresoawesomeijustwanttomeetyouandthankyoufornotwhatyouvedoneformepersonallybutforthewonderfulimpactyouvehadonyoutube/internet/worldandthatIandsomanyotherpeopleappreciateyoumorethanyoulleverknow__																																				gabbie next time someone tells you that you are fat point the middle finger for me cuz you are one of the sexiest girl I ever seen																																				Thank you so much for sharing this	 this helps a lot ____																																			I've been going through the same exact thing. Its hard to look at your self everyday and not feel satisfied or pretty enough because you have an image of yourself in your mind that your fat and will never be good enough. Thank you Gabbie	 you really helped me in this phase of my life. Love sooo much! __																																			Gabbie	 even though I don't agree with everything you believe	 I do think that you are an inspiration and a great person. You're have a good quality of making people laugh and smile which can change the world for the better. So many inspirational people have hard lives	 but that creates the person they are today	 so even though you don't deserve anybody being mean to you	 be glad that they were	 so you would be the amazing person you are today. keep smiling ______________																														God I love you	 Gab. You're beautiful inside and out	 and I hope you always believe that! Stay strong	 we'll always be here for you.																																	Purple Hearts for Gabbie comment ______________________________________ stay strong Gabbie we all love you																																				Gab I know what you're going through I struggle with eating disorders too ______																																				I love you so much! I'm so glad you were able to talk about this to us. I'm so glad you are able to work through it_																																				you are beautiful Gab!																																				love u gabbie your beutiful #staystrong																																				Ur not fat gabbbie																																				I loooove you soooo much!!!!!!																																				Thank you. I relate to your story and want to give you a huge hug.																																				This video tugged on my heart strings ______ Everyone is beautiful. Love you, Gabbie!																																				____________																																				This video is very inspirational and I am so happy that you told us Love you Gabbie _																																				Girl you are amazing dont let anybody make you feel less then what you really are <3																																				I experienced similar things. Going hclf vegan helped me realize that food is fuel	 and I should enjoy eating and eat as much as my body tells me to eat. It's hard to change your mindset	 but it's sooo important to have a healthy relationship with food and yourself!																																		"""you aren't sick, you're just hungry"" ____"																																				I love her body	 I work my ass off to get it with no luck lol.:/																																			Just wait till I turn 18																																				please let us know more..... this makes me notice some things about me																																				Looking at these hate comments makes me upset that there's still hate on an educational video																																				wow you are talking about the serious thing that happened to you with a smile. i'm literally crying right now. you are so strong. i wish the best for you. stay strong																																				You go Gab	 we love you.																																			I don't know whether you'll see this Gabby	 but hi. You are amazing and I love you. I wish we could hang out one day if you're ever in England. I struggle with depression	 eating and anxiety. I've recently come to the realisation that the way I eat is my form of self harm. I can go days without eating a scrap of food	 then I'm suddenly starving and just eat junk. You are one of my favourite YouTubers and are sometimes one of the only reasons that I have a smile on my face. Your videos make me laugh when all I want to do is curl up in a ball in the corner of my room and cry. I want to start making YouTube videos because I think it'd help with my confidence. Plus	 YouTube is one of my main escapes along with reading and writing. I'd love to meet you one day just so I could hug you and thank you for making me smile on a daily basis. Love ya Gabs :) x																																Gabbie when I first watched your YouTube channel you were my idol I looked up to you SOOO many ways,to know the stuff you go through hurts me but the way you try to be the best you can be, makes me feel better again,I want you to know that you are perfect the way you are and you are an inspiration to many people including me.i love you__ -Ashley Ryann																																				you have my respect for ever I love your videos______																																				______																																				hearing you say these things I think I have a eating disorder also and I'm 12 and I also feel fat and have been told I'm fat																																				hearing you say these things I think I have a eating disorder also and I'm 12 and I also feel fat and have been told I'm fat																																				Please can you make a more in depth vid if you can! It would be awesome!!																																				hearing you say these things I think I have a eating disorder also and I'm 12 and I also feel fat and have been told I'm fat																																				You're a great person	 Gabbie. You make me laugh in all your videos. You made me cry tears of joy from this	 and I know you treasure all your fans	 friends and family. I love you Gabbie	 we all do and if you need help with anything	 we're here for you. We all have something bad that's happened in our life	 so if yours is eating	 alot of us have gone through the same thing and are here to help you or just be there for you! <3																													Being a fallen version of ourselves is rough. Thanks for being courageous ms. gobbie gumdrops. It's hard to be healthy because the flesh wants to be pleased.																																				Im so glad you didn't cry for views or sympathy. You're super genuine and super strong. Love ya Gab <3																																				holy shit Gabbie I relate to this so much... shit.. .fuck... but gabbie you are so crazy beautiful tbh I want to have your body and I have for a long time and I was bullied a lot and I kind of still am and people say I'm not fat but I hate myself so much and... wow. I just... have so much respect for you Gabbie. You're so amazing. stay strong Gabbie!!																																				you look like my friend Taylor																																				You ain't fat. You're hot as fuck Gabbie.																																				Thank you gabbie this made me feel so much better. I've struggled with an eating disorder and I can relate to pretty much everything you said																																				__________________________________________________________________________ Gabbie you are so pretty I don't get why people call you fat you have amazing curves that make you Beautiful you are inspiring pretty and just an amazing person all around.__________________________																																				Yet stupid people come just to tell her that she's fat... And I'm just sitting here like what the fuck are they doing here? if they don't like Gabbie then don't fucken click the video to just to insult her	 like get yourself a life that's not hating on others and being so rude.																																			________________________																																				All of your videos touch me in some way. Either if it makes me laugh or learn I will always support you. Love you and your content so much__																																				"im 13, 6 feet tall, have a big build and have been chubby my hole life. All the girls at my school are tinny, waist tiny, shorter then me. I would always get tessed and be asked ""why am i so tall and so fat, shouldn't you look like a model"". Because of this i had MAJOUR body dysmophier, depression and social anxiety. I started cutting my shelf, not on my wrist, but my love handels, my stomach etc. I would starve my self every day and if i ate anything i would make my self throw up. One day i fainted from this. My mum found me and took me to the hospital. from their i have recovered. i moved schools, stopped cutting etc.i ave been eating a healthy diet for 6 months know and have lost more wait then ever before.i feel comfortable in my own skin. thank you Gabbie, this helped me to not feel so allown in the world"																																				I have starved myself at points please help me and others!																																				Gab	 you are truly amazing and unbelievably beautiful. Stay strong																																			Gabbie! Those comments saying you were fat? Yeah do NOT listen to them. Your body was and is still perfect	 a few kilos more or less	 it really doesn't make a difference. Like you said	 it's all about confidence :) you're perfect just the way you are!! Stay healthy and confident																																	Gabble this helped me so much	 thank you!__________________________________________________________________________________________________																																			this was so eye opening...thank you for this message																																				thank you																																				thank you for sharing your story	 I love you	 look after yourself																																		Make another video!!																																				I wish I could talk to Gabbie about everything from anxiety to weight. But here I am... In a small irelavant country in europ eating butter cookies thinking about how I could lose weight. I think that if I would be skinny my life would be better. I would finally be popular. I could wear clothes that I can't now like mini shorts and tank tops. I could run really fast. All of my problems would go away. But I realize that is not true. Having anxiety is so hard and having to deal with body isues and bullying is even worse. I am trying to get over it myself. I don't tell anyone how I feel. I have a mask on with a fake smile so people think Im ok.																																				Ugh Gabs	 you're an inspiration																																			id love more about this____																																				Gabbie	 YOU'RE SO BEAUTIFUL! Don't ever listen to what anyone says about you unless it's positive. Thank you for being an inspiration to so many of your fans. #staystrong ilysm BYEEEEEEE!																																			gabbie	 I'll always love you. no matter what. ill b never judge you because you make me laugh. and we all struggle. your fans love you. I love you. you're my inspiration. I'll always watch your videos. stay strong and stay gabbie ___																																			__																																				__________________________stay strong	 fuck the haters__________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________																																			I know how you feel__ I use to have an eating disorder for months..																																				This really helps thank you so much for sharing this	 and it's all true and i've experienced alot of things like you	 you have to love your body and work hard to be a better you	 thats the key :)																																	Gabbie	 you've inspired me to keep going. Lately I've been going through these panic attacks	 and I can see the posts that I make while I have the attacks. I never remember them	 but I remember feeling like nobody cares. So watching your videos brings me happiness. Thank you	 for being who you are.																																i have anxiety and go to a therapist. something that helps me feel better is playing football. (dl) stay strong gabbie______																																				purple hearts																																				Don't listen to what anyone saids gabbie																																				This video has made my confidence rise	 and realize some important things. thank you gabbie	 I love you.																																		You're so beautiful and strong and you have AMAZING fans here on YouTube that support and love you_(like me) Stay strong	 ________																																			wow thank you Gabbie for talking about something like this. My best friend	I've known her since second grade	is struggling with bulimia. She sais she wants to be skiny and i tell her that she doesn't have to make herself throw up to be skiny. But she wont listen to me. And know i can show this video to her so she can see how strong you are and how you have overcame this. I love you so much Gabbie and stay strong.																																		This was beyond Inspiring Gab. By no means are you fat	 you're perfect to me and to all of us! We love you so much!																																			Please do an in depth video about your eating disorder. I feel like it can inspire																																				Guess I have an eating disorder lol																																				You're beautiful in your own way and I thank you for this video don't listen what people say about you . You're beautiful and I pray that you have a blessed day ___																																				________________ You're an amazing person and stay strong__																																				you are 1/3 of my size and I an a lot younger than you																																				thanks you gabbie so much thank you																																				hey																																				This helped me a lot lately I have been worrying about my weight because I am not a stick this really really helped me Gabbie thank you stay strong ______																																				I have the same problem. No matter what size I currently am	 I feel like I'm still fat. I'm a size 9 in jeans and a 36D on top. I have days when I look into the mirror and think I wow you look really good	 but as soon as I try on a bikini I roll up into a ball and feel terrible about myself. I can't wear a bikini and feel confident to save my life. If anyone has tips on how to be more confident I would really appreciate it.																																		I've been having this problem I cry loads of times about my body but now I don't care I care about my health thanx gabbie for being part of my life and STAY STRONG GABBIE ____																																				Sorry for being late with coming and watching this Video Gabbie! Ilysm_____ #TeamUnderdogs																																				I love you and you don't have to worry we all still love you ____																																				You don't have to be funny all the time I know it's hard because sometimes we use humor as a coping mechanism. This makes me relate to you so much more	 I've struggled with eating disorders since before I even was a teenager. I would love a video on your journey as it helps know someone I look up to has gone through and survived with similar demons																																			i want a more in depth storyyyyyyyy________																																				Your perfect																																				Gabbi can u plz read this plz.... I'm 12 years old and I just moved to a new school and I had a lot of confidence	 people started telling me I was the biggest girl in class and that I was a fatass bitch and I cried and started to hate my body and who I was. I started feeling jealous for skinny people and girls who are smaller than me. I saw what u we're going through with your eating disorder and I just realized I've been doing the same thing to myself. My mom notices it	 when I can I skip meals always ask for less food and I'm constantly checking the scale. So thank you because if it weren't for this video I wouldn't of realized the damage I was doing to myself. And you saved me																																		Foods Good																																				Wow gab. Thank you so much. I would so much like to know more	 because that was really inspiring.																																			I cried a little this is so important																																				the amount of respect I have for you is beyond comprehension	 Gabbie. you're such an inspiration	 the standards must live by to be accepted is ridiculous. your fans love you	 we will always be here ______																																	leave her alone you aren't her and you don't live her life. she is not fat. she was brave for putting this out there.																																				Gabbie thank you for make this video _ Love u																																				I LOVR YOU SO MUCH!																																				I love you so much Gabbie and you inspire me soooo much. Keep being your amazing and gorgeous self. ______																																				Gabbbbie <3																																				I would absolutely love it if you go more in depth!																																				Please do another video in debt because this video helped me and I am so self conscious so please I just want to know I'm not the only one!																																				"i am 'skinny"" but not *that"" healthy.. everyone around me tell that i should work out but when people pressure me i do the exact opposite. this morning i decided to search for videos on youtube to work out alone in my room. i don't like my body at all even tho some say im okay. i never liked the way i looked but im working on loving the way i look. and you help me a lot with your videos,with your tweets,with your Instagram posts. thank you very much."																																				Gabble I understand how you feel because I am only Eleven and I lost just under two stone in the last year. My whole life I have thought endlessly about my weight but now that I have lost the I am still not perfectly happy with the way I look but I have so much more confidence especially after watching your videos I love u so much. Have a great day xxx Btw if u want to see my before and after pics they are on my I have direct messaged them to u on Instagram xx																																				I love you so much Gabbie________ You are good enough__________ You're AMAZING______________																																				i love you gabbie																																				OMG I only eat 300 to 200 calories a day wait so does that mean...__																																				i have anxiety and depression plus an eating disorder but my eating disorder isnt making me eat less it makes me eat uncontrollably and my anxiety and depression rnt helping but iam trying to loose weight and become healthier i eat about 700 calories maximum perday and from your vid i think what iam doing is wrong																																				You're so beautiful gabbie. Your body is my goals																																				your so cute thanks for this video it made my day																																				Gabby you are beautiful just the way you are. don't listen to the haters. As your fans we love you. No matter what																																				ilysm																																				Love you Gabby__																																				If it is not to hard for you Gabbie I would love to hear the full depth of the story. You are amazing and I'm glad you mad it past this.																																				Gabbie u are soooo strong!!! Not many people talk about it	 and it's an important subject. Thank u so much!!!! __________ #underdogs																																			Your not fat at all																																				Gabbie you are so strong and amazing and it is truly an act of bravery to put yourself out there like this. I know people always say ignore the comments and block the haters	 but I get that it's not always that easy. You are an inspiration and you always make me smile. Keep doing what you're doing	 because you're doing great! :D <3																																		Awesome video Gabbie...You always make smile... : )																																				this is so deep... idk if what Im about to say is mean or not but it may help I WISH I HAD AS GOOD AS A PERSONALITY AS U!!!																																				youre beautiful gabbie________ily																																				Babe	 you're so strong__ ily																																			I'd love to know more	 I know how hard it is. I wanna also support you ________																																			I love you and I'm so glad you presented this story in a video. I enjoyed it on Twitter but this was so great. This was so helpful to me on my journey! Stay strong and healthy __																																				Gabbie you are my role model i love u i wish i can see u in real life you r so strong and not fat at all																																				Wow Gabbie. Thank you for your story. This is so inspiring. I love you	 thank you so so much. This really has helped me	 and I know it will help others as well.																																		Ehhhhhhhhhhh my heart!!!______________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________																																				I can relate! Thanks for this video	 your beautiful and I hope you continue to remember to be healthy not skinny.																																			you better called becky with the good hair																																				Gabbie I love you...stay strong honey! You're the best! ____________																																				fuck this hit me hard	 but made my day	 i loved this	 i love you gabbie_																																	I really need to hear this thx so much ____																																				Aww Gabbie! You look so distressed in this video. I love you! xx																																				Yes! That would be amazing if you went more in depth! I feel it would help if you shared your experience in detail that way people don't feel like they're at it alone. When I was 18 I weighed 99 lbs. Doctors always told me I was under weight. Some people in my family kept saying I was fat so I believed it. I'm now 25 and about a week ago I weighed myself. I'm finally at the weight I'm supposed to be.																																				Eating disorders are very complicated and traumatizing . I've been suffering from purging anorexia for 4 years and am still battling it. You're beautiful and you're worth it.																																				We love you Gabbie! Stay strong and positive! __																																				I had bulimia last year and I threw up everything I ate . If it were a fruit , I'd think about the sugar . If it were a healthy meal , the calories were a burden on me && I hated my body. I hat belly fat && I still kind of do . I still sometimes think about the calories I'm eating and I feel terrible if I eat something like ice cream or cake but it's a lot better now . I even used to cut myself because I hated myself && my body so much . My hair was dry && I looked sick all the time. I lost a lot of weight though , I was 95 pounds && 13 years old , I'm fourteen now && I feel better about myself Sorry just a rant Anyway , this video kinda open my eyes a bit more because I always compared myself to everyone like girls at school && fucking twenty year old on magazines Thanks gabbie I love you																																				I like be you gabbie so much keep being you______________#underdogs																																				Lord	 I love u __																																			Thank you for being so brave. You are beautiful. I struggle with the same problems. You are amazing. Stay strong__																																				It takes tons of courage to speak openly about mental health struggles. Thank you for doing this.																																				I have anorexia. I eat about 300 calories a day. I also work out. I lose about 5lbs a day. I've lost many friends because of it. Please if you ever think you're to fat don't do what I did. I regret it.																																				This video really touched me because I consider myself fat and I hate my body	 I love you Gabbie	 stay strong____________																																		____________																																				Gabbie	 I have Anxiety & Depression and I have a Binge Eating Disorder. I eat too much thanks to my depression. Ever since I was little I've had eating problems. I hide food in my room & when people aren't around I eat. I eat past the time I should normally feel full. I eat about 5 meals a day. To matter if it's a healthy meal or a bunch of junk food & snacks	 I just eat too much! It's a sickness and I'm tired of it and I feel uncomfortable.																																		Gabbie u r a very pretty girl and u shouldnt listen to anyone who says ur not cuz i have lernt alot from this video. Thank u x.																																				As a bigger girl.. To anyone reading this.. You are enough.. You are so enough it's amazing! Your body is a masterpiece from God and he made you perfectly.. Don't worry about your numbers.. Worry about your health.. Physical and mental.. You're beautiful Gabbie__ stay strong																																				high carb low fat! :)																																				I'm sorry I feel so dumb I didn't know 	but I'm anorexic so I barely can relate probaly																																			If you love us so fucking much how come you don't fucking respond to people who are commenting so fucking positive about you staying strong. You are so fucking rude and disrespectful. You have no heart. All you fucking care about is yourself. You big nose	 rude and disrespectful son of a bitch.																																			I love you Gabbie so much a true inspiration __																																				stay strong gabbie______																																				Gabbie you rock	 you trully are an inspiration	 thank you so much for that																																		We love u Gabbie don't forget that__________																																				love you gabbie. you inspire me everyday yo become a better version of myself. Thank you ______																																				My life is literally the same only i'm still stuck in the binging/starving phase because I'm terrified of gaining weight if i start eating like a normal person :/																																				______																																				I bet you gabbie wont reply.																																				__________																																				not trying to be insensitive	 but	 many therapists fake diagnose people so they can stay being their client and pay them. There are many people who are misdiagnosed on purpose with disorders that aren't valid or true.																																		Gabbie this helped me in more ways than I can count	 thank you																																			i love you gabbie!!___																																				Ilysm																																				I'm plus sized and I am starting to exercise too. I yo-yo like crazy too. But last year I lost 15lbs and i was so excited that I achieved that. i never weigh myself	 i only discovered i had dropped weight because i went from a size 22 to a size 20. I am doing what you are. Just trying to focus on eating healthy and trying to be more active rather than looking at numbers.																																			______________																																				stay beautiful LOVE YOU SO MUCH such and inspiration																																				this struck such a chord with me. you just described exactly how I feel about food and how I feel about my body. thanks gabbie																																				Gabbie.You.Are.Life.																																				You are beautiful __																																				gabbie this really really freaking helped me 	 thank you for this video i love you																																			______________																																				if someone says that your fat they're just jealous of you																																				I love you so much. __																																				I feel like gabby gives the amazing message that u shouldn't try to be thin u should try to be healthy and I know that but it's so hard from all the pictures on instagram and all the girls with sixpax and I can't help thinking why can't I do that and why can't I be that so I tell myself I have to be that and I also tell myself that when I am thinner I'll be happier everyone says I don't need to be thinner but I want to be thinner because it's my body and I guess I aim higher which is a very dumb thing to tell urself I was going to run everyday but I just satyed home, do u know why because I was scared I was scared to go out and tell my parents I'm gonna go oyt and run I was scared of other people looking at me and think what is she doing why is she running I was to scared to be happy (in a way) I also tell myself that I don't exactly have control of what I eat because of my parents and brother but that's wrong so I gues I just have to focus on feeling good and feeling healthy																																				____																																				Gabbie!!!																																				Eating disorders are the worst. So glad you're being healthier. You are always worth loving yourself. __																																				Please do a more in depth story if you are comfortable I Think ur perfect the way u are STAY STRONG ________																																				hey gabbie I feel like a more in depth video about the disorder itself may help a lot of people. you are so strong I love you ______ make sure you put warnings in the video if you ever do it though																																				______																																				Gabbie	 thank you.																																			This video is so amazing. It is so hard to come to terms with our own demons	 let alone talk about them. So proud of you Gabbie!____																																			hey gabbie I love you stay strong _ you're perfect!																																				Good job Gabbie	 I could never had the guts to tell 1.75 million people that I have something wrong with me. You are one of the most real youtuber I know! Love you Gabs!																																			You look awesome Gabbie. Keep up the good work.																																				love you gabbie																																				Thanks for sharing this video																																				I saw the title and my breathe caught in my throat																																				1	745	324 LOVE YIOU GABBIE_____________________________																																		__________I felt the same last year																																				This video kinda hit me and opened my eyes to my own lifestyle. Thank you Gabbie I appreciate it.																																				Omg this video makes me really sad :(																																				+The Gabbie Show thank you for being you																																				gabbie you been throw a lot but have overcome them i understand a little more about you every time i watch you're videos																																				stay strong	 gabs. we love you the way you are ___																																			Why are people not likening this its a good cause I apluad you Gabbi theses haters want to make you fell bad don't listen to them there just really bad people who want to make you suffer you are an amazing person and I don't judge you thanks for telling some people that you havnt really gotten to know part of you are a huge insparation and I thank you for telling us																																				love you so much Gabbie <3																																				Stay strong																																				I've struggled with ED for about 7 years now. I know how hard it is. Sending love and support to you always.																																				I love your videos Gabbie! You are amazing and beautiful!																																				you need to eat more i miss the pear shape you used to have																																				__________________																																				No matter what gabbie you're amazing ________																																				i dont think you are fat. you are you and thats all that matters ilyssssssssssssm gabbie i want to be like you so much but i cant i dont want to swear																																				______ Love you Gabbie. I'm proud of you for making a video about this and accepting it and learning from it. I've grown up with eating disorders myself	 and while the anorexia was on purpose	 I didn't realize until a few months ago at age 21 that my binge eating was also an eating disorder and realizing that really fucked me up and kicked me in the ass. Self love is so important	 and I'm glad you're practicing that in any way	 small or large. Stay strong bb______																																Stay strong__ thank you for everything. That just helped me a lot__ I love you																																				this video helps me																																				I am still struggling with eating disorders	 and I relate to this so much! Thank you for posting this. <3																																			Bring Alex back																																				Ur amazing Gabbie i love u soo much!__________																																				I'm sorry u had to go through this gab i know what it's like because I am also going through anxiety. I love you dearly and am glad your ok now and one day hope I can be to ______________																																				ily Gabbie __																																				"Gabbie you should read ""Hector's journey to happiness"" there's also a movie but the book is way better"																																				Thank you so much for making this. I think it's one of your most honest	 tell-all videos																																			Let's go #teamunderdogs																																				I love you Gabbie																																				Make another video about your journey	 we're here to help and comfort you. We love you__																																			I wish this was facebook instead of YouTube so I could love this video instead of like it. You have struggled through so much and instead of letting it get to you	 you post your story hoping to teach other people that it's not okay and to learn from you. You inspire people every day just from uploading videos	 regardless of how silly or serious the subject. I love you and your content on every platform Gabbie	 stay strong! ______																																	gabbie this video was very thoughtful and when you end a video saying how much you love all your fans I know you mean it because people don't tell strangers about serious things like this and i look up to you so much and your really pretty																																				Stay strong Gabbie	 Ik how you felt	 I'm struggling with an eating disorder right now and it's very difficult. ______																																		I would																																				"Gabble you are such a inspiration I'm in literal tears right now And I was never comfortable in my own body until this video. This video made me realize that I'm perfect the way I am and I don't have to be ""skinny"" or ""picture perfect"" I just have to love my self and just be happy and healthy. So thank you so much."																																				i never understood how attractive people can have eating disorders. like	 you're already so hot	 why are you trying to change?																																		I love u! U gave me convince! Thank you!																																				this is my first time commenting I just want to say your amazing you may have some flaws but so does every body else so be you you rock love ya__																																				Stay strong! You ARE beautiful! __																																				Gabbie	 you're gorgeous and we love you no matter what____																																			__________																																				gabby you are perfect and beautiful. stay strong__																																				Yes																																				U r perfect the way u r I'm sorry u went though that love u gabbie__																																				"Okay, I feel like I kinda have to say this. Gabbie, I feel like I may understand what you went through or are going through still. Recently I haven't been eating as much as I used to and as much as I should be. Not on purpose or anything, I didn't notice it until it became worse. I started having really bad stomach pains and it hurt to move. I tried eating, but my body wouldn't let me. My boyfriend and two close friends started becoming worried about me. They begged me to eat and I told them I've been trying and I haven't done this on purpose. I started becoming really worried when I went over to one of my close friends house. She reminded me of anorexia and me being me jumped to this thought, ""What if I become anorexic?"" It was horrible, but I got through it. I've been eating more and have been more healthy. I been getting help from my friends and told my mom. Note to everyone else: Please, just please, don't let yourself get to the point of pain like what happened to me. It's not okay. Even if it's not on purpose, you need to eat and even if it is on purpose. Don't starve yourself or anything like that, it doesn't help anything."																																				Also unfortunately	 I'm typing this from a computer so sends purple heart emoji																																			I LOVE YOU																																				omggggg this inspired me so much																																				omggggg this inspired me so much																																				Wonderful video. Very genuine.																																				I struggled with an eating disorder for quite a while when I started high school	 I lost way too much weight and was obsessed with eating as little as possible. I've gained weight since being hospitalized in 2014 but the struggle never ends rwally	 food is still constantly on my mind even though now I tend to over eat instead of under eat	 but my relationship with food is still very fucked up. Stay healthy everyone.																																	Gabbie I	 as a person who is struggling with their body right now	 really appreciate you opening up to your YouTube community about this. This made me so happy and reminded me that you can't compare your body to other people's bodies	 as your body is completely different. So thank you Gabbie	 that's sincere.																																I love you so much. You are changing me. Thank you so much																																				"This made me cry. We love you Gab. I don't want to sound typical by saying ""stay strong"" but I wish the best for you__"																																				thank you Gabbie, my PARENTS have been telling me that I'm fat, I believe I'm okay, but knowing your PARENTS think that your fat really hit my confidence, thabks Gab, this vid made me smile SO much, I hope you have a good summer holiday, and thank you again plz subscribe to my channel it's Shadow1120																																				Gabbie. You are an inspiration. Keep doing what you're doing	 you're helping more people then you'll ever realize. ______																																			you're awesome and I love your personality																																				I already know she plays pokemon go																																				__																																				Couldnt even watch this i went ahead and liked it anyway doe somethings get better doe gabbie key is to stay positive. Ooh and i you ever atruggle with anxiety again try maling your self some slime just found out that works for me. Its amazing!																																				I love you Gabbie!																																				Love you so much for this ________																																				I'm so proud of you Gabbie																																				Gabbie is so beautiful ______																																				We love you gabbie																																				wow gabbie yu made my eyes water 	 ilysm & yu are beautiful & stay strong bc we 	 yr supporters 	 are here for yu & always will be __																																	BLESS YOU I needed this __																																				Youre an inspiration__																																				I love you so much Gabbie!! Your videos are truly inspiring. Keep doing what your doing.____																																				I love you so much Gabbie! Stay strong ____																																				feel like I like you more because you seem real and raw and I relate to you so much! thank you for your videos and for being you ^_^ love you Gabbie <3																																				Thank you for voicing this	 I love you xxx																																			____________________________________________																																				I've been struggling with anorexia for three years and it's been getting worse. I'm sharing this video with my anorexic friends.																																				I've had people that say I'm fat but if you don't care and stay healthy and do stuff about it then basically you've proved them wrong and that's should put a smile on your face__																																				Please know that when I thought I wasn't worth it I was on youtube. I had just been told by a doctor my autism was untreatable. I stumbled across your video. I binge watched it so I wouldn't cry. Now everytime I am bullied or having a panic attack the gabbie show saves me. literally I wouldn't be here without you. Thank you gabbie.																																				Stay strong Gabbie. We all are your fam and love you for you.																																				I kind of want to hear more about the story because I am going through a rough time with an eating disorder and I know how you feel! You are gorgeous Gabbie and I want to hear more about it!																																				I love you. I think this is my favourite video of yours. Stay strong	 keep up the great job	 you look amazing!!! Xxx __																																		how inspirational. .... good thing its uploaded today! Its my birthday :)																																				this helped me so much because I think that I'm fat mentally...but thank you so much_																																				This made me so sad.You inspired me and you make me look at the world differently so thank you gabby God bless you																																				__________________																																				Just know about 1	800	000 are supporting you all the way stay strong Gabby________________________																																		I love you Gabbie!!! Stay Strong!! You're beautiful inside and out:)																																				im sorry																																				I love you Gabbs!																																				Honestly I look up to gabbie for her body type. She's not fat and she's not toothpick thin either. She has an hourglass figure like me and I used to think that I was just fat but really I'm just thick and I love it __Thank you gabbie for helping me learn to love myself ________																																				TBH though	 you are my goals in so many ways	 and I just wanna say I appreciate your existence!																																		You are so strong for telling us this! We love you Gabs! ________________________________________________																																				I LOVE YOU AND THIS ACTUALLY HELPED ME A LOT																																				Does Gabbie reply to her subscribers																																				gabbie how you learn to twerk?																																				I love gabbie so much__																																				I love you so much Gabbie	 stay happy and just be you__																																			I love you so much!__ this video made me cry. I to struggle with eating disorders and have since I don't even remember when. I am finally recovering from these disorders but they're still there. And they still are a problem in my life. Thank you for the inspiration. This is a video I really needed to see today. I love you so much	 stay strong!!																																			"Your amazing and very brave to share this __________________________________never change who you are gabbie your prefect just the way you are ""be yourself everyone else is already taken"" ____________________________________"																																				This was truly inspiring	 love you gabby!__																																			GABBIE. This is probably the most inspirational video I've ever watched. And I mean that 100%. I struggle with severe anxiety but this just cheered me up a bit. Today I'm going to stop by the local childrens hospital and put a crap ton of lures down so they can at least have a bit of fun while they're there. ___																																				gabbie is wise in a wierd way _____																																				GABBBiiieee I love you so much and I love all the things you are teaching your viewers!! <3																																				I think my cousin could use a smile today she is in a bad place right now																																				Gabbie you got this! Stay Strong! We Love you no matter what! You Size, Race, Or Religion doesn't matter! You don't need to be skinny for the haters , you can do it for you!																																				____________________________________________________________																																				You have helped me with this video																																				You are such an inspiration Gabbie! Thank you for being your amazing self	 we all love you!!!																																			Gabs!! We love you and support you no matter what! True show stoppers to the end!______																																				I never thought I could ever relate to Gabbie to something this serious ever. Its hard to get over and I do know the struggle. Love your videos	 and your personality. Keep up with the good work Gabbs!!																																			Stay strong Gabbie we love you________																																				Gabbie	 thank you for telling us this. You don't know how much it helped me by seeing someone with a huge platform that has gone through something that I can truly relate to. Please stay strong. You're beautiful. And so far	 your videos are helping me and tons of other people. ______																																		hi Gabbie	 please don't worry about not being funny. your recent videos are the ones I have found most interesting and you should always make what you feel like making. love xx																																			I love you so much gabbi. Please private message me on Twitter or Instagram @emma_hawk4																																				"I wish there was help for my ""eating disorder"" because there are so many different kinds and mine is not like the ""normal ones"" it's hardly since as real. And I've only met people who have it on Facebook. I can't go anywhere without first seeing menus at restaurants and people always say ""she's that picky girl"" when it's more then that. I can't hardly eat anything. And it sucks so much to be me."																																				gabbie	 thank you! your awesome!																																			Hi																																				I have such bad anxiety that I can hardly get out of my room to even eat. I went from 120 pounds to 95 in three weeks. I'm getting help																																				I love you the way you are																																				6 minutes ago?! also stay strong __________																																				Gabbie I love how you turn one of your hardships in life and turn it into a lesson for others to learn... It is people like you who make the world a better place!																																				We love you gabbie! Stay strong__																																				this couldn't have come at a better time	 its like you knew	 Gabbie x																																		DETAILS PLEASE																																				this video is y gabbie should win The Teen Choice Awards I have sm respect 4 her __________________																																				____________																																				Oml this is awesome______________Ilysm gabbie________																																				WE LOVE YOU GABBIE!!																																				+The Gabbie Show I'm really really glad that you shared this and understand because when I heard you say that you were fat I got really confused because if Davids volgs you even look super skinny																																				____________________________________________________																																				Gabbie	 your so perfect the way you are!!! Some people might not see it	 but you should!!!! You inspired me with this video and I thank you for that!! Love you Gabbie!!!																																		I just love you Gabbie	 I myself struggled with an eating disorder	 I used to eat like crazy and then make myself throw it back up I hid it very well until my friend caught me and told my parents at first I was so mad at her I didn't talk to her for weeks then one day I thought to myself if it was her how would I feel? I would have done the same thing but she saved me and I will forever be grateful to her! I was so ashamed of it for so long but as j got older I realized that I had nothing to be ashamed of	 you are amazing for sharing your story I respect you so much! You're an amazing woman I admire you tremendously!! I love you're channel if I was to know you I believe we would be best friends lol I hope you get to read this I'm sorry I wrote ya a book lol much love																																	I just saw 39 likes now 1k wow do u still have the disorder I understand when ever I eat I throw up cause I thought I was fat I am a suicidal person this video made me better																																				You are so strong and beautiful on the inside and out <3 Also love that you included Colbie Caillat at the end	 love her music.																																			I love you gabbie	 thank you for creating a place where you can say these things and changes lives. This is why you are my role model																																			Thank you for this video Gabbie! I have an eating disorder and you've inspired me to do something about it	 you really have																																			Gabbie I didn't eat half way through 5th grade and my friends forced my to eat and they are my best friends now																																				This just brings you and Shane closer #ghane																																				i currently have a eating disorder and im so glad that youre getting through this gabbie. you are also very beautiful and i very much so i wish i had your body. youve inspired me in so much and i think youre starting to inspire me to get out if my eating disorder. if that makes sense not sure. i also dont know jf youll read this but yeah. again im glad youre getting through it i love you.																																				purple hearts again if you love her__________________________________																																				hissssss																																				You just made me realize I'm not along. I have been struggling with a eating disorder since I was under the age of 10 ( I know shocking right?) and for the past few years I have been trying to fix myself and my thoughts on my body. Unfortunately no luck until I watched this video	 thankyou gabby for sharing your story <3																																			Wow	 Gabbie. I had no idea you went through this. I know how hard it is. I'm 14	 and have been struggling with bulimia for two years. I just want you to know: by posting this you've made me feel better. You my darling	 are a huge inspiration. You're strong	 intelligent	 beautiful	 and I want you to know I love you!																														Gabbie I think your amazing. Never put yourself down. You are not fat. I promise you__																																				we all love you	 you don't deserve the haters out there!! we all care about you stay strong!!																																			__________																																				Gabbie you are amazing and beautiful if anyone tells you otherwise tell them to talk to the hand																																				you are lovely in every kind a way I got to know you through your video's.																																				We love you	 Gabbie __ I know how you feel	 so definitely don't feel alone ^.^ You're very brave to post a video about something sensitive like this. It must have been a hard decision to make __ Love ya																																		Wow keep it stronge gab																																				Probably because she is kind of a bitch.																																				Thanks Gabs																																				I'm literally crying stay strong gabs__ a lot of people are going through the same demons u r and u never alone______																																				<3 <3 <3																																				I love you	 Gabbie. _																																			stay strong! Love your videos <3																																				ily>:)																																				hey your storytime ones are hilarious :):):):):):):):):):)																																				Very proud of you Gabbie	 well done for uploading this	 it'll help so many people. It's hard to work though this	 but you're doing so well. Stay strong xo																																	more in depth																																				Thank you for this message it is actually making me change the way I think about myself even tho u just told me!																																				I love you gab I'm so proud of you stay strong baby																																				I love you Gabie.																																				LOVE YOU GABBIEEEEE ____________________________________																																				Gabbie Is Inspirational!____________																																				honestly gabbie i I have the same problem.I compare myselfe with other peple. And a lot of peple told me that I was fat and I belived them. Thank you so much. I don't belive them anymore																																				wow.. Gabbie thank you so much for this. I've struggled with my weight for such a long time and this put me in tears. I love you so much. thank you for this. it's really inspired me to make some changes in my life																																				i would like to know the depth of it	 but you can do it i belive in you																																			I personally think u are an !AWESOME! person/youtuber/viner/muser I myself suffered from an eating disorder n honestly I am called skinny everyday and I still find things wrong with my body thank u for being an inspiration to me and thank u for sharing that																																				______																																				thank you gabbie __																																				Whoever gives this video a dislike... SHOULD NOT EXIST																																				thank you so much Gabbie	 this must have taken so much courage and bravery thank you so so so much____ i love you__																																			Proud of you __																																				I really needed this right now. I can't thank you enough for this. I love you soooo much __																																				Gabbie I know you can't see it but you look super healthy. Like you're not to skinny and you aren't big and it's perfect. And I know everyone says this but size really doesn't matter! We love you so much and we're here for you if you ever need to talk ____________																																				good luck gabs! i'm a 14y/o girl and i weigh 40kilograms (like 80 pounds i think) and my friends tell me to eat more because i am really underweight. but no one knows im depressed...																																				Now I'm annoyed at David in his vlogs for making fun of her weight																																				You're so incredibly beautiful. I'm so happy to see that you're working to overcome your struggles. I love you and you can do it.																																				stay strong Gabbie __ we love you ______																																				Oh my gosh Gabbie you are so brave for sharing your story with us! We all love you so much and you are so beautiful just the way you are___																																				I love u																																				Stay strong love you Gabbie ____________________																																				Gabbie you are a great person weight doesn't matter personality does and you have a great one and you are a great person and I love you ____																																				Gab you should make a in depth video!!! All of us showstoppers are here for you through your journey and give you the strength to move on.																																				Awww Gabbie I love you!!!																																				Stay strong Gabbie. ilysm																																				Thank You.																																				Love you so much __																																				The Purple Hearts in the comments __																																				Your braver than me even tho it's obvious that u are older but still																																				______Gabbie you are sooo gorgeous and is REALLY great shape!! ____________																																				This is beautiful__ I can't say how much I love this video_																																				Guys she is not going to fucking comment yall comments because she always fucking do that shit and I don't know why.																																				I love you																																				I love you Gabbie __																																				You're so beautiful	 stay strong <3																																			I did not know about that cause ..... ah..... cause you NOW! BUT I AM NOT A HATER! I feel sorry and happy for you cause you are amazing and inspiring! Please be the way you are now!! I love you!!! __																																				LUV U gabbie ____																																				I'm soooo proud of you gabbie this video has helped me so much <3																																				I love you Gabbie! Stay Strong!																																				my bestfriend calls me fat because she has a flat stomach & mine isnt	 ik I am skinny but shes more skinny so I'm considered fat to her																																			Gabbieeeee this is deep af __ I luv u																																				It makes me sad that amazing people like her have to go through this.																																				Thanks for Sharing. I know that was hard to share. You're beautiful BTW.																																				thanks you for the advice i love YOU very much																																				why do people hate gabbie it makes no sense																																				My friend got bullied so he ate and ate and he got fat																																				I Have a ever been this early to a video																																				Stay strong we love you__________________																																				YAAAS GABBY YOU ARE SUCH AN INSPIRATION																																				Stay strong gabs__																																				Thank you for using your voice to talk about your struggles and most likely helping out the people who watch your videos that go through he same thing.																																				GABBIE YOURE BEAUTIFUL!! And whoever says else wise is wrong!! AND EVERYONE IS BEAUTIFUL AS WELL! __																																				Gabbie u beautiful just the way u are! Stay amazing gurl!! ____																																				Love u________________________																																				I love you so much gabbie stay strong you are beautiful the way you are and I'm so happy for you in the way you've improved in your mental health____																																				Can't wait for a video by freelee about this video__																																				you're beautiful inside and out gabbs																																				#teamunderdogs listen gab your a Amazing person and you inspire millions of people you are beutiful and my beyonce so ignore the other comments and read this one i love you gab																																				OMG Gabbie this is so wow. I love you and stay strong. ________																																				Sup notification squaddd																																				I think my brother has an eating disorder because one year ago he started losing weight like there was no tommarow but he's getting better he still denies food but it's getting better																																				Hey Gabbie! I just wanted to say that you're beautiful! I know some people may put you down but don't let them get to you! Just stay strong <3																																				for the past year	 ive been going through self image/worth. you have always helped me laugh and just forget about the stupid shit that society wants me to believe. you are so strong and independent. stay strong	 gabbie. i love you.																																		Ilysm! ____________ Stay ___ and never b filled with hate																																				Love you GABBIE ______ stay strong																																				I'm not early I'm on time__																																				Twitter: @lundlau2004 or the lauren show																																				__________________________																																				Id love for u to make a more in depth video on this. I have EDNOS (eating disorder not otherwise specified) and it really means a lot to hear a popular Youtuber talking about their experience. My experience is a lot like this and im just glad to know that someone else has this. Thank you so much for posting this. This really helped me.																																				you are a strong woman	 stay strong	 we are always by your side!!!!!!!!!!!!																																		This videos great	 but when she said goldfish I thought she meant actual goldfish and then I was like oh she meant the snacks	 I'm stupid																																		You are so amazing and beautiful! NEVER FORGET THAT!																																				#StayStrongGabbie																																				Still love you! You're helping me overcome my eating disorder I'm an anorexia patient and I watch your videos as much as I can and they really help my though it																																				____																																				Oh Jesus Gabbie	 I am happy you were able to break the circle.																																			You're amazing. We all love you. Stay strong. __																																				love you Gabbie stay strong__																																				you go girl!																																				aww gabby stay strong I love u your so pretty and don't let the haters get to u ________																																				__																																				I love you Gabbie. You're an inspiration to me and make me happy________________																																				Oh	 Gab	 please	 realise we all love you so much.Stay strong <3																																	Your so pretty!!!Ilysm______stay strong girly__If you ever need anything you can message me on twitter ~~ @nikkybaby1716 ____																																				this helped me a lot gabbie. thank you so much.																																				STORIES																																				love you Gab!																																				notification squad! where's you at?!																																				"you guys need to stop hating on her damn she's trying to spread positivity and here you are telling her to ""fuck off"" really?"																																				for a week all I did was drink water and eat bread. and didn't even know I was doing it.																																				Love you Gabbie stay strong <3																																				________																																				I struggle with anorexia and I just found out. I just stopped eating because my mind wouldn't let me. I never thought of it. I just didn't eat. I know what she means and it sucks. no one should have to deal with this. love you Gabbie.																																				You are so strong Gabby. We support you!																																				________________________________________________ It makes me so happy that while I scroll through all the comments I did not see a single hate comment. That is like	 amazing. She doesn't deserve hate comments. She tries way too hard to be treated badly. I love you	 Gabbie!																																		Gabbie you're an absolutely amazing person	 stay strong	 love you!!																																		She has helped me so much 	thank you Gabbie 	I love you ____																																		LOVE U GURL																																				Stay strong!! We're all here for ya!																																				WAIT. ARE YOU A GHOUL!!!!!!!																																				I'm early let me tell a joke... I don't have one I'm too busy watching my idol. __																																				I love u Gabbie ur video was awesome __																																				7000000th coment! !!!! haha suckers best place to be:)																																				STAY STRONG GABBY YOU CAN FIGHT IT !!! We love you ______________________																																				wow	 i love your honesty so much																																			LOVE YOU __																																				I struggle with my eating disorder too. Not much anymore but I still struggle.																																				Stay strong_________																																				Love u																																				your not fat you never will be																																				I like these unrehearsed real videos. <3																																				Stay strong______																																				Gabbie you rock! __																																				You're so brave Gabbie	 you'll always have my respect no matter what																																			Go back on it																																				______																																				I love seeing this kind of video	 I know you're one of the realest people ever	 but this is even more into reality! I love your story time videos	 but things like this are amazing and displays even more of your character and self <3																																	I love you Gabbie______																																				you're so awesome__ I love all your videos____																																				Stay strong Gabbie ( :																																				love you gabbie!																																				Gabbie	 thank you so much for this. Putting some things that are vulnerable on the internet	 especially things open for judgment	 are so courageous. It is so helpful to see someone that I look up to do this is so amazing. Thank you lovely ________________																																	I luv u cuz u r a motivational person a funny person a nice person I luv u																																				I've got an eating disorder right now. I want to stop but I can't because I want to be skinny like my friends																																				Aww love you gabs. <3																																				I hate how some people just come to this video to be the first person here																																				i have one too its been 2 very hard years and i struggle everyday i also have a very very very bad anxiety disorder																																				I love you so unbelievably much.																																				Eating disorder or not you're perfect																																				you're beautiful gabbie love you stay strong ____																																				I love you																																				You should do a more in depth video please__																																				Proud of you	 gab. ______																																			can you doÊ a lot more like this please :) love you stay strong an eating disorder is a piece of shit																																				Gabbie I think you should make a more in depth video bc I think it could help a lot of people																																				Do another vid about this																																				Gabbie you are so strong and I love you so much	 stay the way you are and know you are loved we all love you so much__________																																			Ur the best gabbie u don't need to diet ur pretty the way you are __																																				Stay strong __ just know you will always have our support and love. U helped me get through from tough times I want to thank u for that!!!! Love u always																																				Stay Strong Gab! And everyone!! You're AMAZING __																																				I've had a eating disorder __ it sucked																																				I love u gabbie. Your videos make me happy when I feel upset or depressed. I was an emotional eater at a really young age. I was always sad and had no good friends. Everyone just made fun of me. So I decided to eat so it will make me feel better. But when I got older I started to feel happy again and stopped eating a lot. Thank u gabbie for brightening up my day																																				Notification squad where you at __																																				Omg....We love u Gabbie! Stay strong! ____________________________________																																				Just been watching ur musica.lys																																				I love you gabbie	 your beautiful and your my fav viner/ YouTuber besides Shane Dawson______ _____																																			I need more ghost stories!																																				Love u gabbie hope u stay super strong																																				I love you so much	 stay strong beautiful ____																																			Stay strong _																																				omg I just uploaded this same video yesterday __ stay strong I know what you are going through																																				Aww Gabbie :/ I would've never thought. I hope you get better. We love you! <3																																				Love u gabbie hope u stay super strong																																				Stay strong love	 you're amazing <3																																			were basically my twin and I complete understand (tho your the adult version of me)																																				Early																																				STAY STRONG EVERYONE!! If you're reading this	 you're beautiful	 loved and a blessing in this world __																																		Hello people I am quite early																																				I love you so much Gabbie <3 you're so so strong and I look up to you so much. And to anyone who's reading this	 you're beautiful and worth it xx																																			__________________________________________________________________________________________																																				<3 ive had eating disorder since I was 15	 now i have inflammation in my stomache	 acid reflux	 and another thing. stay strong <3																																	I think your body is bomb. Tbh																																				we love you gabbie	 you inspired me __																																			______I love you. Thank you for being you and true.																																				I love you Gabbie	 so proud of you for this.																																			Stay strong! I've been battling something like this for as long as I can remember																																				Stay Strong ____																																				I wish I could takle you and give you the worlds biggest hug.																																				i would love to hear the whole journey. if you could	 can you snapchat me? its nordo345																																			Love you Gabbie!! __																																				ILYSM GAB___																																				Sorry but thought I should mention that you look amazing on your thumbnail. Also you are amazing stay strong love you __																																				i love you gabbie so much and i love how open you are to us. I love all that you do and post and your amazing and inspire me so much so seriously your beautiful._																																				love you so so much __																																				Hey																																				I would love to hear more about your journey because I've been feeling some of the things you had been it would really help.																																				Aww gabbie! I love you so much and you're amazing! __																																				Aw I love you Gabs always stay strong																																				awe gabby thank you for sharing this with us love you stay strong______																																				I struggled with an eating disorder too just stay strong and know that no matter what	 the loyal fans love you and will keep loving you no matter what <3																																			really 3 dislikes in 2 minutes	 the video is 8 minutes long																																			Thank you Gabbie.																																				I love you gabbie_																																				ilysm. thank you for this. hope I can meet you one day.																																				we love you gabbie you're great ____________________________________																																				I'm so proud of you Gabbie	 Ilysm babe. You're such an inspiration thank you for everything																																			I love you Gabbie! __																																				stay strong gabbie we all love you__																																				love you gabbie__																																				yo																																				not many can share their stories like this...proud of you Gab and love you__																																				It's funny how people dislike the video. Even though	 it's 8 minutes long.																																			Gabby im so proud of you . i love you so much . you make me so happy .																																				gabbie I'd love to hear you talk more about it you really inspire me																																				Love you Gabbie just keep going ____																																				__________																																				Gabbie Thank you so much for making this videoÉ this will help me when I'm down and help a lot of others i know it!!!!____________																																				I'm so happy you made this video__stay strong__																																				Fuck you Whore																																				YOU ARE THE BEST!! Who ever is reading this	 you are beautiful	 loved and we all appreciate that you're here __																																		Stay strong Gabbie. You are truly beautiful inside and out.______________																																				ilysm !!!!!!!!!!!!! keep being you !!!!!!!! please notice me !!!!!!!!!!!!																																				I love you gabbie______																																				Love you Gabbie stay strong__																																				whoever thumbs down fuck you.																																				You don't need to be ashamed of who you are and how you look and people shouldn't make you feel that way so I love you the way you are and so do millions of other people																																				__																																				Gabbie I love you so much__																																				I love this video																																				i love you gabby																																				ur 25 ur life sucks lol																																				Love you Gabbie	 stay strong	 ignore the haters xx____																																		love you GabbieÊ stayÊ awesomeÊ andÊ strong																																				Ilysm Gabbie__																																				You got this	 dudette__!																																			Sooooooo early omg love you so much gabbie lmao																																				v inspiring and meaningful gabs ily																																				HI GABBY																																				good luck gabby you can do it :)																																				Two people obviously disliked the video without even watching__																																				__________																																				I love you Gabbie_ Keep being amazing!!__																																				3 minutes and it already has 3	357 views																																			Cabbie	 its okay I hate my body too sometimes but its okay you are an amazing person.____ stay strong :)																																			woah i am earlier and you are not fat																																				Ily for opening up to us no other internet people would do that . Respect																																				does she even respond to her fans comme?																																				U will pull threw																																				We are all here for you gabbie__																																				Yes Gabbie!! I'm so proud of you for doing this! Love you! Stay strong																																				Well u look fucking fabulous Gab!																																				IM SO EARLY.!																																				Love u																																				Strong Gab	 Love you!																																			I love you																																				As someone with an eating disorder	 hearing that someone I admire and find successful also struggles with the same thing is very comforting and helpful. Thank you for sharing Gabbie! Love you	 love yourself. __																																		Hugs your way gabbie__																																				__																																				very serious video																																				gabbie ilysm																																				_																																				Hello Dash Diugh is here																																				I love the Gabbie show. I wish I could meet her. She is talented and amazing. I don't get why people hate her																																				558 liker ____																																				I LOVE YOU B																																				Hi gabbie!																																				This video is gonna make me soo sad																																				Hi Gabbie!! Your face! I like it __																																				Love you gab																																				__																																				OMG I LOVE YOU SO MUCH																																				I refresh the page and it went from 37 to 167																																				This helped me Gabbie	 I have problems with my body and I have so many insecurities about myself...problems with eating and getting exercise																																			Aw Gabbie I love you so much stay strong____																																				i love you so much																																				____________love you gabbie																																				This was an amazing story time. I love you gabbie! <3																																				Omg																																				160 th																																				Say strong gabbs<3																																				______																																				hi																																				I love you ________________________																																				The last time I was this early... Nah I can't make a joke I'm not funny																																				I love you Gab!__																																				ilysm__________																																				134th comment ____																																				I'm so early omg____																																				428/118 EARRLY LOOOVVVVVEEE YAAAA______________																																				Stay strong																																				Early																																				Hi																																				Love you Gabbie ______ #SnapChatFam																																				AYE																																				How could someone dislike this video already?																																				Stay strong Gabbie..we love you :)																																				Stay strong and we you love you You're beautiful just the way you are																																				LOVE YOU GABBIE!! YOU ARE PERFECTION!! __																																				hi gab love u																																				Stay strong	 Gabbie! We love you and we're always here for you																																			Stay strong Gabbie __________!!!!!																																				Gabbie you're beautiful inside and out i love you																																				**youtuber __																																				I love h Gabbie!!																																				Funniest person ever																																				your my favorite youtuber																																				Early tho																																				Thank you. Thank you.																																				Love you no matter your size xx __																																				984th viewer																																				I love you. __																																				How is there already one dislike. You haven't even had time to watch the bideo																																				babe																																				____________________________________________________________																																				I love you Gabbie stay strong	 love __________																																			I love you Gabbie	 we all do ________																																			I'm really proud of you for sharing this__																																				_______																																				love you gabbie																																				i love you gabbie																																				Gabbie______																																				I deal with an eating disorder and depression and anxiety. Stay strong Gab. I love you __																																				Ur awesome!__																																				love you gabbie!																																				you are my favorite YouTube																																				This was absolutely beautiful Gabbie__ You're so brave and we all love you ________																																				STAY STRONG!																																				I LOVE U GABBIE______________																																				I LOVE GABBIE SOOO MUCH GAHHHH																																				Gabby I love you so mych																																				yayay																																				Love it nd it did																																				i love you gabbie																																				#teamunderdogs																																				988th view																																				hi gabble love you u shouldn't listen to anyone saying your nose is big____																																				__																																				I love you gabbie																																				____________________																																				gabbie i love you																																				I love u no matter what gab																																				Love you Gabbie!! ______																																				Omg gabbie ________________________																																				Awee gabbs																																				I love you so much																																				I love you																																				I'm sorry u had to go through something. i love u so u should love urself :)																																				hey gabbie ____																																				__																																				hi																																				______ I love you gabbie!																																				Love you Gabbie no matter what____																																				hey gabbie I love you so much																																				__																																				Love the vids																																				I love you__																																				I voted for u for the teen choice awards!																																				Notification squad where u at																																				I luv ya gabbie???																																				I love you Gabbie	 pls stay strong																																			holy shit I'm early																																				love you so much gabbie. youre the best and u help me so much																																				___its ok																																				I love you Gab __																																				relates so much																																				Hi Gabbie!																																				I love you gabbie!!! ________																																				I have autism and you're videos have inspired me so much. thank you for literally saving my life																																				I didn't even know you had an eating disorder.																																				love you																																				I will always love gabbie!																																				Wow I am early																																				Wow so early and beautiful story																																				YOU'RE BEAUTIFUL GABBIE																																				__																																				hi																																				I love you gabbie____																																				Love you Gabbie! All your subscribers love you and hope for the best for you! Just like we rely on you for support and brightening our days	 you can always rely on us too! <3																																			Love u gabs																																				NOTIFICATION SQUAD WHATS UPPPPPPP																																				ILYSM gabs																																				Love you________																																				Ily gabbie!																																				earlier than usual																																				Hola i love ur storys	 i love u <3																																			I lovvvvveeee youuu gabbie thank you for making me smile everyday I love you no matter what ______________________																																				Stay strong!																																				You're so brave. Love you Gabbie																																				Love you gabby __																																				YAY!!																																				Does gabbie ever reply																																				Gabbie!!!!																																				gabbie ur amazing no mater what love u ____																																				Marry me __																																				I seriously think gabbie and I are twins!! we are excactly the same (although she's like the adult version)																																				Hi Gabbie __																																				I love ya gabbie																																				love u																																				__																																				36th like																																				so early																																				I love you so much________ u r so real and hilarious																																				Ily gabbie no matter what																																				__																																				Ilysfm ____																																				IM EARLY																																				woah.... I love you gabbie. stay strong __																																				24th like.																																				its 4																																				omg I'm early																																				I'm early ____																																				______________																																				Early fam??																																				Love you____																																				top 100																																				Hi 20 th person																																				second I love u gaddie																																				Fifth comment																																				Number 13																																				hey																																				Third! Omg HI!																																				<3																																				________																																				2nd																																				I LOVE YOU GABBY .																																				2																																				First comment second like																																				Hi																																				First																																				